Version 1.11.14 (Oct. 16, 2003)

- The Balance Pass is now LIVE. You can view details here.
- [Platoons](Platoon.md "wikilink") are also live. Read up on the
  Platoons Manual Page.
- The destroyed [spawn tube](spawn_tube.md "wikilink") icon will appear
  properly now.
- Fixed an issue where the destroyed [generator](generator.md "wikilink")
  warning would show on the continent map whenever it had taken more
  than 50% damage, even though it was still functional.
- [Mines](Mine.md "wikilink") may be deployed in front of doors again.
  [Boomers](Boomer.md "wikilink") cannot be placed on walls yet. This
  functionality will be restored in a future patch.
- Fixed an issue that allowed people with the basic
  [Hacking](</Hacking_(Certification)> "wikilink")
  [certification](certification.md "wikilink") to [jack](jack.md "wikilink")
  [vehicles](vehicle.md "wikilink").
- Removed the vehicle armor indicator from the [Implant
  Terminal](Implant_Terminal.md "wikilink").
- Fixed issues in the offline tutorial that would prevent players from
  finishing those missions.
- Removed Lattice Logic Sockets from bases that do not use the
  [LLU](LLU.md "wikilink") capture method.
- The location of repair silos will now appear on the overhead
  proximity map.
- The animation for an active [repair silo](repair_silo.md "wikilink")
  now displays properly.
- Weapon vehicles will no longer seem to disappear when they enter an
  [AMS](AMS.md "wikilink") cloak bubble.
- Players that you place on your ignore list can no longer send you
  [squad](squad.md "wikilink") or [outfit](outfit.md "wikilink") invites.
  This fix also applies to platoons
- The [Skyguard's](Skyguard.md "wikilink") taillights now appear
  properly.
- Added support for the 3, 4 and 5 buttons on the Razer mouse.
- Fixed an issue that prevented the [AMS](AMS.md "wikilink") from
  deconstructing if it was blocking a door.
- Fixed an issue that caused the [Matrix
  Panels](Matrix_Panel.md "wikilink") on a deployed [AMS](AMS.md "wikilink")
  to be visible through the cloak bubble.
- Removed Trunk Options panel from the [AMS](AMS.md "wikilink") Vehicle
  Pane.
- Fixed an issue where players would not see the animation of other
  players holstering their pistols.
- Animations for mounting and dismounting the
  [Prowler](Prowler.md "wikilink") will display again.
- Fixed an issue that allowed certain weapons to be fired through
  walls.

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md "wikilink")
