**Version 1.5** (6/20/03, 5am Pacific on All Servers)

We ran into some unavoidable difficulties getting a new test server up.
Since waiting to finish that would have delayed this patch, we have
spent some extra time testing the patch internally and will make it
available across all servers instead of first using a test server. The
test server will be brought up shortly and will be used to test our
continued content updates and feature additions.

On to the patch notes ...

- The [Skyguard](Skyguard.md "wikilink") anti-aircraft buggy is now
  available for use. Enjoy! Please note, however, that [Certification
  Points](Certification_points.md "wikilink") can be spent on the
  [Liberator](Liberator.md "wikilink") bomber, although it is not
  available in-game currently. We hope to have the Liberator available
  very soon.

<!-- -->

- [Hotspot](Hotspot.md "wikilink") algorithms have been improved. The
  Hotspots now scale up and down in size so that you can see the
  relative size of the battles in progress. Additionally, they are
  much more accurate (there is always a battle there now if you see a
  hotspot) and they refresh much more often. You should find them much
  more useful in finding battles now.

<!-- -->

- You can now [respawn](respawn.md "wikilink") to a
  [hacked](hack.md "wikilink") building if you are a member of the owning
  [Empire](Empire.md "wikilink"). Previously, once a building was hacked,
  the option to respawn there was unavailable. This is no longer the
  case.

<!-- -->

- The [Advanced Hacking](Advanced_Hacking.md "wikilink")
  [certification](certification.md "wikilink") is now required in order
  to [hack](hack.md "wikilink") [equipment
  terminals](equipment_terminal.md "wikilink") or [vehicle
  terminals](Vehicle_Terminal.md "wikilink").

<!-- -->

- The issue where [vehicles](vehicle.md "wikilink") purchased at a
  [vehicle pad](Vehicle_Terminal.md "wikilink") would sometimes fire from
  the weapons pad (instead of their muzzle points) causing players
  unintentional [grief](Grief_points.md "wikilink") when they killed
  their friends accidentally at the pad, has been fixed.

<!-- -->

- You can now assign keys to the camera in/out functions on the Keymap
  screen.

<!-- -->

- Errant hotspots no longer show up in corners on the [Global
  Map](Global_Map.md "wikilink").

<!-- -->

- You should no longer lose your text input cursor when death messages
  occur in the status window. (Only happened on a few screens, like
  the /bug screen.)

<!-- -->

- Command chat works properly again.

<!-- -->

- Because "H" is typically the hotkey for "Help" and because "H" was
  the toggle for "Hotspots" on the map screen, there was no hotkey for
  Hotspots that functioned. "Hotspots" now has a hotkey of "O" on the
  map screen.

<!-- -->

- Missiles no longer move with their shell shape sideways. They fly
  properly to target now.

<!-- -->

- [Waypoint](Waypoint.md "wikilink") beams now sort correctly against
  hill bottoms and buildings so that the base of the beams no longer
  shows through those objects.

<!-- -->

- The [HART](HART.md "wikilink") Shuttle is now visible on the proximity
  map while inside a Shuttle Building.

<!-- -->

- You can no longer see [infiltration
  suits](Infiltration_Suit.md "wikilink") while your view is zoomed.

<!-- -->

- [Spitfire](Spitfire.md "wikilink") turrets can no longer fire at
  targets inside a warpgate bubble.

<!-- -->

- The [exploit](exploit.md "wikilink") allowing folks to get the stealth
  effect to "stick" to an incorrect armor type has been sealed.

<!-- -->

- First-time help tab (on your Character Info screen) now shows all
  completed first-time tasks.

<!-- -->

- [Magrider](Magrider.md "wikilink") Heavy Rail Beam projectile now fires
  in the center of the reticule (instead of slightly above).

<!-- -->

- Players can no longer avoid [Phalanx Wall
  Turret](Phalanx.md "wikilink") fire by merely strafing left.

<!-- -->

- Fixed an exploit that allowed infiltration suits to equip
  rifle-sized objects.

<!-- -->

- Fixed an exploit that allowed folks to damage objects while they
  were supposedly linkdead.

<!-- -->

- You can no longer hack an enemy base if the friendly base connected
  to that base (on the [lattice](lattice.md "wikilink")) is already
  hacked. In other words, if your base of operations is hacked, you
  can't use that base to link to other enemy bases. Therefore, you
  can't hack enemy bases until your own rear area is secure.

<!-- -->

- 3000x800 video resolution is now supported.

<!-- -->

- You no longer crash if you exit a vehicle while it is upside down.

<!-- -->

- [Pulsar](Pulsar.md "wikilink") was boosted in damage slightly per shot
  against soldiers. Also, the [AP](Armor_Piercing.md "wikilink") fire
  rate was increased to match that of
  [Anti-Infantry}Standard](Anti-Infantry.md}Standard "wikilink") shots.

<!-- -->

- The [VS](Vanu_Sovereignty.md "wikilink")
  [MAX](Mechanized_Armored_Exo-Suit.md "wikilink")
  [Quasar](Quasar.md "wikilink") had its default ammo increased from 40
  to 60 shots. It's AP damage is ever so slightly less to compensate,
  but its infantry damage is the same.

<!-- -->

- The [population lock](population_lock.md "wikilink") indicator has been
  changed to show how many slots are left for your
  [Empire](Empire.md "wikilink") on

<!-- -->

- The [Orbital Strike](Orbital_Strike.md "wikilink"),
  [EMP](EMP.md "wikilink") Blast and See All Enemies/Friendlies are now
  functioning on the [Command Uplink
  Device](Command_Uplink_Device.md "wikilink"). Take Command!

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md "wikilink")
