Version 2.1.6 (Nov. 5, 2003)

- [Spawn Tube](Spawn_Tube.md "wikilink") doors will no longer prevent
  damage to the spawn tubes.
- [Router](Router.md "wikilink") [Telepads](Telepad.md "wikilink") will now
  [Deconstruct](Deconstruct.md "wikilink") properly if the Router itself
  deconstructs.
- The [Spiker](Spiker.md "wikilink") will now show up properly in [Third
  person](Third_person.md "wikilink") view.
- Secondary fire mode on the [Maelstrom](Maelstrom.md "wikilink") will
  now cause damage to vehicles.
- [Galaxies](Galaxy.md "wikilink") may no longer enter [Core
  Combat](Core_Combat.md "wikilink") [Caverns](Caverns.md "wikilink")
  through the [Geowarps](Geowarp.md "wikilink").
- Router telepads cannot be deployed unless the Router is deployed.
- Router telepads will now disappear if the Router they are connected
  to is jacked.
- The [Flail](Flail.md "wikilink") and [Ancient
  Turret](Ancient_Sentry_Turret.md "wikilink") reticules will now display
  the [Ancient Tech](Ancient_Tech.md "wikilink") reticule properly.
- [Combat Engineering](Combat_Engineering.md "wikilink")
  [Deployables](ACE.md "wikilink") can no longer be placed in doorways.
- Weapons will no longer be locked inside an inactive geowarp.
- [TR](TR.md "wikilink") [MAXes](MAX.md "wikilink") can no longer anchor
  themselves on [Ziplines](Zipline.md "wikilink").
- Combat Engineers can now deploys [ACEs](ACE.md "wikilink") near
  vehicles.
- ACEs can be deployed near Phalanx Turrets again.
- The [Cone of Fire](Cone_of_Fire.md "wikilink") on [VS](VS.md "wikilink")
  [MAXes](MAX.md "wikilink") has been returned to previous values when it
  is using jumpjets.
- Flail projectiles will now show up on the [Proximity
  Map](Proximity_Map.md "wikilink").
- Vortex [Modules](Module.md "wikilink") will now deconstruct properly
  after the 48 hour timer expires.
- Changed memory management code to decrease its reliance on the
  Windows swap file. This is to reduce some of the stuttering issues
  that players have been experiencing.
- The Flail's ammo capacitor now holds 50 shots and its armor has been
  reduced.
- The down angle on the Flail's turret has been decreased so there is
  now a large "under the guns" radius around it and infantry should
  have a much easier time getting close enough to assault it.
- Particle effect enhancements to the router telepads and modules.

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md "wikilink")
