- [Standard Assault](Standard_Assault.md "wikilink") Pass: The
  [Repeater](Repeater.md "wikilink") and [Beamer](Beamer.md "wikilink") now
  do more damage, but have a slightly increased Cone of Fire.
- The [Suppressor](Suppressor.md "wikilink") does more damage and now has
  a clip size of 25.
- The [Mag-Scatter](Mag-Scatter.md "wikilink") now has 8 shots in a clip.
  [Spawn Room](Spawn_Room.md "wikilink") Pain Fields: A minor Pain Field
  will be in effect for all enemies who enter a [Spawn
  Room](Spawn_Room.md "wikilink"), whether in a
  [Facility](Facility.md "wikilink"), Tower or Core Building. The pain
  effect will remain if a Facility is hacked, but will be turned off
  if the [Generator](Generator.md "wikilink") is destroyed. If a [Core
  Combat](Core_Combat.md "wikilink") [Pain
  Module](Pain_Module.md "wikilink") is installed, its damage will not
  stack with the low level Pain Field. Instead, the Pain Field will
  begin doing the Module's level of damage. Low level Pain Fields will
  not affect characters that have the [Sensor
  Shield](Sensor_Shield.md "wikilink") [Implant](Implant.md "wikilink")
  activated. Also, the Sensor Shield Implant will continue to protect
  its users if they hack, use a weapon or take any other action. The
  Sensor Shield Implant will also have a slight
  [Stamina](Stamina.md "wikilink") drain against all armor (even while
  crouched) except for the [Infiltration
  Suit](Infiltration_Suit.md "wikilink"). This will allow Infiltrators to
  move through Pain Fields as they did before, but anyone in another
  configuration will have Stamina drain and therefore not be able to
  stay in the Pain Field indefinitely.
- Players will earn experience for capturing Cavern Facilities.
- Switching to the [Interstellar Map](Interstellar_Map.md "wikilink")
  will no longer cause the chat channel to switch to local.
- Soldiers will now be able to chat while dead. The only two
  restrictions to this are Local and Broadcast channels. All other
  channels, such as Squad, Platoon and Outfit will function.
- The [Geowarps](Geowarp.md "wikilink") will no longer require that an
  Empire maintains control of a connecting Facility to pass through
  them.
- Empires that control a Facility linked to a Geowarp may now use that
  surface Geowarp as a Broadcast [Warpgate](Warpgate.md "wikilink")
  destination (assuming that the [Continent](Continent.md "wikilink") is
  already a valid broadcast destination for that Empire). This
  functionality only extends to Geowarps on the surface. Players
  cannot use a BWG to warp to a Cavern.
- The Rearm function of Vehicle Repair Silos and Air Pads will now
  function at all Facilities, whether they are linked to a [Dropship
  Center](Dropship_Center.md "wikilink") or not. The Repair function
  still requires a [Dropship Center](Dropship_Center.md "wikilink") link.
- Vehicle Deconstruction has been toned down considerably around
  Vehicle Creation Pads. Now, you basically have to be on top of the
  pad to risk auto deconstruct.
- Fixed a memory leak and client crash that would occur after a player
  repeatedly travels to a new zone.
- Fixed an issue that would prevent lock-on weapons from tracking and
  locking onto targets until they reload or switch firing modes.
- Fixed an issue that caused [Lasher](Lasher.md "wikilink") projectiles
  not to lash and [Burster](Burster.md "wikilink") and
  [Flak](Flak.md "wikilink") projectiles to not explode when close to
  aircraft.
- Global Population and Continent [Incentives](Incentives.md "wikilink")
  windows no longer automatically hide when you view the Interstellar
  Map.
- [Waypoint](Waypoint.md "wikilink") Toggles will no longer default to
  off.
- Jacking an [AMS](AMS.md "wikilink") will no longer cause it to undeploy
  itself.
- The [Skyguard](Skyguard.md "wikilink") now carries four boxes of Flak
  Ammo and 2 boxes of 12mm Ammo.
- Fixed an issue that would cause the proximity radar to randomly
  disappear from the [HUD](HUD.md "wikilink").
- [Core Combat](Core_Combat.md "wikilink") [Module](modules.md "wikilink")
  runners will be able to enter a continent through its population
  lock. This will only affect the runner.
- Vehicle drivers and occupants sharing a ride with the runner cannot
  bypass the lock.
- In a pop-locked situation, the runner must exit the vehicle and run
  into the geowarp alone.
- Fixed an issue where players could not see enemy names during heavy
  fights.
- The [Nexus](Oshur.md#Nexus "wikilink") [Battle
  Island](Battle_Islands.md "wikilink") can now be continent locked by an
  Empire.
- Changes to netcode to prevent packet blocking exploits.
- Dead avatars will no longer block projectiles. Players will no
  longer be killed when [Instant Action](Instant_Action.md "wikilink")
  takes them to a Battle Island.

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md "wikilink")
