Version [2.2.13](2.md.2.13 "wikilink") (November 21, 2003)

## Gameplay

- When a player activates an [Implant](Implant.md "wikilink"),
  [Stamina](Stamina.md "wikilink") drain will begin immediately. This is
  to prevent players from "flickering" implants on and off to avoid
  the drain.
- You can now create [Modules](Module.md "wikilink") of all types in
  every [Cavern](Cavern.md "wikilink"). The non powered modules are no
  longer acquired from the capture point, there are 6 places to pick
  up the modules in the building now.
- Active [Geowarps](Geowarp.md "wikilink") on
  [Continents](Continent.md "wikilink") now appear on [Global
  Map](Global_Map.md "wikilink").
- The avatar "special ability" key (aka the "toggle stealth" key) was
  moved from the General keymap to the Soldier keymap.
- Added a pane to the Keymapping options for [MAX](MAX.md "wikilink")
  armor that allows players to override the "Special Ability" and
  "Jump" keymappings in the Soldier Pane.
- Previously, [Module Cradles](Module_Cradle.md "wikilink") could take
  damage if they were holding a module. Now they are always
  invulnerable.
- Dropped modules now appear as neutral on the Overhead maps.
- Time-to-Hack and [LLU](LLU.md "wikilink") lifespan info should be
  available at ALL facilities (NOT caverns) for all clients.
- Caverns are now laid out in a ring on the [Global
  Map](Global_Map.md "wikilink").
- Building object sounds will stop when a
  [Facility](Facility.md "wikilink") has no power (exceptions are the
  Resource Silo and [Control Console](Control_Console.md "wikilink")).
- Players must now leave a geowarp's warp bubble before they can warp
  again.

## Performance

- Certain rendering properties, animations and effects have been
  optimized to improve framerates - especially in heavy combat
  situations.

## Bug Fixes

- Players can no longer bypass the reload time for weapons by
  holstering them and drawing them again.
- Players will no longer be propelled from [AMS](AMS.md "wikilink")
  [Spawn Tubes](Spawn_Tube.md "wikilink") at high speeds and take damage
  for it.
- [Implant](Implant.md "wikilink") and [Macro](Macro.md "wikilink") icons in
  the hotbar will no longer swap between players.
- Implemented improved Speedstep detection.
- [Vehicle Terminals](Vehicle_Terminal.md "wikilink") will no longer
  appear destroyed for some players and active for others.
- Players who die while holding the fire button down to throw a
  [Grenade](Grenade.md "wikilink") will no longer throw the grenade when
  [Revived](Revive.md "wikilink").
- Players will no longer get a message that they can deploy an
  [ANT](ANT.md "wikilink") here when they are outside of the base.
- Players can no longer load [Ancient Tech](Ancient_Tech.md "wikilink")
  weapons from a vehicle favorite if the facility does not have the
  Weapon module installed or linked.
- Ancient Tech Weapons are no longer listed twice at the AT [Equipment
  Terminals](Equipment_Terminal.md "wikilink").
- Going linkdead while drop-podding will no longer cause the avatar to
  die.
- Avatars riding on [Zipline](Zipline.md "wikilink") will no longer be
  able to use deployed [Router](Router.md "wikilink")
  [Telepads](Telepad.md "wikilink").
- The Lazed targeting reticule will no longer continue to appear after
  respawning or exiting the Flail.
- Players will be able to board the HART consistently when it is
  docked at the HART shuttleport.
- Router drivers will no longer get telefragged when another player
  uses its remotely deployed telepad.
- Players will no longer get stuck on [Cavern](Cavern.md "wikilink")
  telepads.
- Friendly players in [Phalanx Turrets](Phalanx_Turret.md "wikilink")
  will no longer show as red on the HUD when targeted.
- Jumping in a [VS](VS.md "wikilink") [MAX](MAX.md "wikilink") will drain
  stamina properly again (this does not apply to using the VS
  jumpjets, which drain from the MAX capacitor as opposed to stamina)
- The gunner dots in the [Prowler](Prowler.md "wikilink")'s
  [HUD](HUD.md "wikilink") display show players in the correct position.
- [Drop Pods](Drop_Pod.md "wikilink") will no longer stack up on each
  other when multiple characters drop in at the same location.
- If a [Medic](Medic.md "wikilink") goes linkdead while reviving another
  player, that player will not come back from the dead.

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md "wikilink")
