Version [2.4.7](2.md.4.7 "wikilink") (February 6, 2004)

Gameplay Changes

- [Reinforced Exo-Suit](Reinforced_Exo-Suit.md "wikilink") now absorbs
  two more points of damage and has 50 more armor.
- The Empire Population Cap has been reduced so an equal number of
  players from each Empire can be on a continent at once. The over
  population cap is unchanged.
- Flag icons now appear when a [Cavern](Cavern.md "wikilink") building is
  hacked.
- Destroyed [Spawn Tubes](Spawn_Tube.md "wikilink") and [Ancient Sentry
  Turrets](Ancient_Sentry_Turret.md "wikilink") will have a "destroyed"
  graphic to help players know their status.
- Animation culling can now be toggled through the video options
  interface.
- There now is a "Rotate Radar" option in the "Game Options" area that
  allows the [Radar](Radar.md "wikilink") view to rotate with the player.
- Lodestar is now listed in kill stats.
- [Radiator](Radiator.md "wikilink") clouds are now visible.
- Tertiary mode on the [Maelstrom](Maelstrom.md "wikilink") will now fire
  grenades that explode on impact.

Bug Fixes

- Players will no longer spawn in invalid locations within an
  [AMS](AMS.md "wikilink") bubble.
- [Base](Base.md "wikilink") [Lattice](Lattice.md "wikilink") links will no
  longer go black when the status of a base changes.
- Fixed an issue where players take no damage when shot at point blank
  range by certain weapons.
- [MAX](MAX.md "wikilink") death animations display properly.
- Vehicles will no longer get stuck in autodrive if someone enters a
  gunner spot when the vehicle is created.
- Fixed an issue where vehicle momentum does not change when running
  over people.
- Vehicles and players will no longer take damage when a player is
  dismounting and a gunner is firing.
- Fixed a bug where vehicles could drive through lava longer than they
  could drive through water.
- The vehicle shield effect will no longer stick to players when they
  exited their shielded vehicles.
- The Repair/Rearm.md functions of the Lodestar will no longer work
  inside of a warpgate.
- Passengers recovering from Linkdeath in a Lodestar will no longer
  become stuck in the cargo bay.
- Fixed a bug in ground vehicles where running over users with 0 armor
  will not kill them, but users with some armor points die instantly.
- Bailing from an aircraft will no longer leave the 'inertial
  dampener' effect visible in the sky for a long time.
- [Advanced Targeting](Enhanced_Targeting.md "wikilink") now shows the
  state of unmanned [Ancient Sentry
  Turrets](Ancient_Sentry_Turret.md "wikilink").
- Ancient Sentry Turrets will fire properly after a player zones.
- Holding a directional key while in the [Overhead
  Map](Overhead_Map.md "wikilink") view and exiting the map will no
  longer cause the map to continue scrolling.
- Vehicles with gunner positions that enter and exit a Lodestar will
  no longer lose gunner ammo upon exit.

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md "wikilink")
