March 15, 2004

## Gameplay

-   [Capitol](Capitol "wikilink") Buildings are live. Read more about
    them here.
-   [Core Combat](Core_Combat "wikilink") Enhancements are also live.
    Check them out here.
-   If a [Cavern](Cavern "wikilink") is locked, then any friendly
    surface [Facilities](Facilities "wikilink") connected to that cavern
    (via the [Lattice](Lattice "wikilink") through the
    [Geowarps](Geowarp "wikilink")) will act as if it had all six
    modules installed.
-   Hand-held [Ancient Technology](Ancient_Technology "wikilink")
    weapons now have "recharge capacitor units" (Ancient Tech "ammo")
    that you can buy at [AT Equipment
    Terminals](Ancient_Equipment_Terminal "wikilink") or at
    [facilities](facilities "wikilink") with the [Equipment
    Module](Equipment_Module "wikilink") benefit.
-   [Phalanx](Phalanx "wikilink") Wall Turrets now have a great upward
    pivot, allowing them to more easily targeting incoming aircraft.
-   [Certification Terminals](Certification_Terminal "wikilink") can now
    be destroyed.
-   Double-clicking on a Warpgate will now zoom to its linked continent.
-   [Hand Grenades](Hand_Grenade "wikilink") will now come in clips of
    three, though they will require the same amount of inventory space
    as before. i.e. A clip of three grenades will take up the 2x2
    inventory space that a single grenade consumed before.
-   [TR](TR "wikilink") [Burster](Burster "wikilink") will only do
    direct damage to non-aircraft targets. It will no longer inflict
    splash damage on infantry and ground vehicles.
-   A glow effect and a laser sight effect have been added to the
    [Decimator](Decimator "wikilink").
-   The [Lasher](Lasher "wikilink") will no longer lash within 5m of the
    shooter.
-   The Lasher will no longer lash through walls.
-   The [Cone of Fire](Cone_of_Fire "wikilink") on the
    [TR](TR "wikilink") [Dual Cycler](Dual_Cycler "wikilink") has been
    reduced.

## Bug Fixes

-   [Enhanced Targeting](Enhanced_Targeting "wikilink") will now show
    the status of enemy [Flails](Flail "wikilink") beyond 15 meters.
-   Damage Decals will no longer show up on water.
-   Scorch decals on a door will not remain stationary when a door
    opens.
-   Fixed an issue that would cause players to lose [Outfit
    Points](Outfit_Points "wikilink").
-   [Outfits](Outfit "wikilink") can invite players with a -J or -K
    appended to their name through the Outfit Window.
-   Fixed an issue where newly created characters could not receive send
    or receive /[Tell](Tell "wikilink") messages or be added to [Friends
    List](Friends_List "wikilink").
-   Teleporting through [Router](Router "wikilink")
    [Telepad](Telepad "wikilink") will no longer cause
    [Darklight](Darklight "wikilink") to appear with normal field of
    vision.
-   Energy [weapons](weapon "wikilink") will leave a damage decal on
    surfaces again.
-   [Wall Turrets](Phalanx "wikilink") that are destroyed and repaired
    will display the proper textures.
-   Drivers will no longer spawn in a [Vehicle](Vehicle "wikilink") with
    only 1 shot remaining in the vehicle's weapon clip.
-   Manual binds will no longer remain after deleting character and
    creating another.
-   Fixed an issue where an avatar could remain in the world after being
    disconnected.

[category:Patches](category:Patches "wikilink")