Version [2.6.5](2.md.6.5 "wikilink") (April 21, 2004)

- High resolution textures will now display properly. Since this calls
  higher graphical features, users may notice a performance difference
  after this update. If this happens, we recommend disabling high-res
  textures.
- Players will have the option to automatically reload their weapon
  when it runs out of ammo.
- An [Armor](Armor.md "wikilink") status bar will be visible over
  avatars.
- Hover vehicle brakes were modified to allow brakes to function more
  efficiently. Vehicles affected: [Magrider](Magrider.md "wikilink"),
  [Thresher](Thresher.md "wikilink"), [Router](Router.md "wikilink"),
  [Flail](Flail.md "wikilink").
- Low-ratio gears (first and second gears) were adjusted (slightly) on
  the following vehicles in order to increase their torque (starting
  power) when trying to start moving uphill from a dead stop. Vehicles
  affected: [AMS](AMS.md "wikilink"), [Sunderer](Sunderer.md "wikilink"),
  [Vanguard](Vanguard.md "wikilink"), [Prowler](Prowler.md "wikilink"),
  [Magrider](Magrider.md "wikilink"), [Router](Router.md "wikilink"),
  [Flail](Flail.md "wikilink").
- Levels of visibility have been honed for each of the different
  actions that [Infiltrators](Infiltrator.md "wikilink") can take -
  running, walking, crouch-walking, jumping, and shooting, etc.
  Further, the level of visibility has been adjusted to account for
  multiple simultaneous actions, such as jumping and shooting.
- Infiltrators will remain cloaked when they mount a vehicle, but will
  be partially visible as long as they occupy the seat. This
  adjustment does not apply to the wraith, which will remain fully
  invisible when sitting still, and become more visible at higher
  speeds.
- Fixed a bug that was causing Infiltrators to remain completely
  invisible when using the [Flail's targeting
  laser](Laze_Pointer.md "wikilink"). Infiltrators will now be as visible
  when using the Flail laser as they would while using any other piece
  of support equipment.
- Pistol slot items will no longer be visible in an Infiltration Suit.
- Hotswapping items will no longer cause infiltrators to become more
  visible.
- The Infiltration Status Icon will function properly, giving a visual
  indicator of how "cloaked" a player is.
- The nature of the Empire-specific Infiltration Suit models caused
  some suits to be more visible than others. We have adjusted
  parameters for each Empire to compensate for this.
- Added code for improved detection of speedhacking
  [Exploits](Exploit.md "wikilink").
- Ammo boxes will no longer be visible through an
  [AMS](AMS.md "wikilink") cloak bubble.
- [Squad Leaders](Squad_Leader.md "wikilink") will be able to quickly
  drop a [Personal Waypoint](Personal_Waypoint.md "wikilink") at the
  location of any squad member by right clicking on their icon in the
  squad bar.
- Activating the [Surge](Surge.md "wikilink")
  [Implant](Implant.md "wikilink") will now automatically holster any
  weapons or equipment that are currently drawn. The implant will
  automatically deactivate when a weapon is drawn. There will be a
  small delay after deactivation before the player may fire.
- Silent Run will be renamed [Sensor Shield](Sensor_Shield.md "wikilink")
  and will block detection from [Motion
  Sensors](Motion_Sensor.md "wikilink"), [Spitfire
  Turrets](Spitfire_Turret.md "wikilink"), and
  [Mosquito](Mosquito.md "wikilink") scans. Players become visible to
  sensors if they take any damage, fire a weapon, or use an object
  like a [REK](REK.md "wikilink").
- Fixed a bug that would cause Infiltrators to be visible to newly
  spawned players.

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md "wikilink")
