Version 2.7.6 (May 27, 2004)

- We are introducing alternate [Vehicle](/Vehicle "wikilink") loadouts,
  mounting different weaponry to existing vehicles. The first variants
  include the [Fury](/Fury "wikilink"), a
  [Basilisk](/Basilisk "wikilink") variant equipped with a
  fixed-forward firing rocket launcher, and a set of Empire-specific
  [Deliverer](/Deliverer "wikilink") configurations:
  [Aurora](/Aurora "wikilink"), [Thunderer](/Thunderer "wikilink"), and
  [BattleWagon](/Raider "wikilink")
- The [AMS](/AMS "wikilink") is being redesigned. It will now feature
  two equipment terminals, a matrixing panel and a deconstruction
  panel. The spawn tubes are being removed, since players now spawn in
  the cloak bubble, not in the tubes. The AMS will retain all of its
  current functionality, while adding an additional equipment
  terminal. Also, the AMS is now deployed by the driver from inside.
- Empire Incentives are being improved. These have been described
  here.
- Session stats are displayed on the [HUD](/HUD "wikilink") so that
  players can see their kill/death ratios, the amount of time played,
  etc.
- Tower [SOIs](/SOI "wikilink") will show up at all zoom levels on the
  [continent map](/Overhead_Map "wikilink").
- Relative Population Indicators will allow players to see the
  population distribution of the three Empires across the world.
  Players will be able to view what percentage of an
  [Empire](/Empire "wikilink") is on a given
  [Continent](/Continent "wikilink").
- Continental Dominion Indicators will display at a glance which
  Empire holds dominion over each continent on the [Global
  Map](/Global_Map "wikilink").
- An issue that caused difficulty of attaining and achieving locks
  with lock-on weaponry has been resolved.
- Fixed an issue that would allow [Implants](/Implants "wikilink") to
  be used with no [Stamina](/Stamina "wikilink") drain.
- Changed certain properties in the texture loading process that would
  cause stuttering and a reduction in framerates. This should result
  in smoother graphical performance, particularly after first loading
  a continent.
- The [Vehicle](/Vehicle "wikilink") [HUD](/HUD "wikilink") has been
  improved. Drivers and passengers/gunners will see arrows, indicating
  each gunner's viewing direction.
- Toggle [Animation Culling](/Animation_Culling "wikilink") will save
  properly between sessions.
- Fixed an issue that would trigger the Empire Switch Timer, even
  though the player had not switched Empires.
- Fixed an issue that would cause some avatars to become invulnerable
  in certain situations.
- Fixed an issue that would cause the chat window to scroll to the top
  when it is resized.
- Deployables will no longer become elevated off the group after being
  deployed.
- [Maelstrom](/Maelstrom "wikilink") grenades will do damage to
  [generators](/generator "wikilink").
- Players must now leave a [geowarp](/geowarp "wikilink") bubble before
  they can warp out again. This is done so that players do not
  instantly get warped out of the cavern when arriving near the
  teleportation beam.
- Players without [Core Combat](/Core_Combat "wikilink") registered who
  attempt to enter a Geo-Warp will get a message letting them know
  they cannot pass through unless they register the expansion.
- Fixed an issue that would allow [ACEs](/ACE "wikilink") to be
  equipped while [Surge](/Surge "wikilink") was activated.
- Fixed an issue that would cause Infiltrators to be more visible at
  high zoom levels.

[category:Patches](/category:Patches "wikilink")
