Version [2.8.5](2.md.8.5 "wikilink") (July 6, 2004)

- We have made some performance optimizations by reducing the
  [client](client.md "wikilink")'s reliance on the system page file in
  lower memory machines.
- Data tracking is being implemented to begin the tracking process for
  [Merit Commendations](Merit_Commendation.md "wikilink"). With the first
  update, no awards will be available. This round of tracking is being
  used to ensure that the data is valid and tracking correctly, so it
  will not be used to award any commendations. Only the [Meritorious
  Service (awarded to players who are at least one year old)
  commendation](Term_of_Service.md "wikilink") will be available.
- The [Map](Continental_Map.md "wikilink") screen will now feature an
  overlay grid, dividing the map into sectors that can be easily
  identified and communicated. A soldier's grid location will be shown
  in the proximity radar. each squad member's grid loc will be
  displayed in the squad display beneath their name (so, you see squad
  member number, name, health, armor, and Grid Location for each
  squad/platoon member)
- Players will be able to toggle their [LFS](LFS.md "wikilink") flag to
  turn off and be off when they first log into the game.
- A new feature is being implemented called Proximity
  [Squad](Squad.md "wikilink") formation. This feature will simplify the
  squad formation process by sending an invite to un-squadded players
  with the LFS flag on within 25m of the player who initiates the
  command.
- Players will have the ability to spawn multiple chat windows, where
  they can send different channels to. For example, a player could
  create a new window that all broadcast chat would be sent to.
- There will now be 8 banks of 8 shortcut keys. CTRL+F1 through
  CTRL+F8 will switch between them (where F1 represents shortcut bank
  one, F2 represents bank two and so on).
- Enemies spotted by yourself will properly appear on your radar.
  Previously, they would only show up on your squadmates' radar (or
  not at all if you were not in a squad).
- [Outfit](Outfit.md "wikilink") invitations will now display the name of
  the Outfit you are being invited to, in addition to the name of the
  person inviting you.
- There is a new Advanced Graphic option to disable rendering
  Shoreline Effects.
- Avatars will no longer be propelled in the air when respawning at an
  [AMS](AMS.md "wikilink") in the caverns.

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md "wikilink")
