Live Version 3.0.27 (November 3, 2004)

- Halloween pumpkins have been removed.
- [Cavern](Cavern.md "wikilink") [facility](facility.md "wikilink")
  resecures will count toward [BFR](BFR.md "wikilink") imprinting. Since
  resecures will award less experience than captures, the experience
  requirement for imprinting is less for a resecure.
- Only one resecure in a 20 minute period will count toward BFR
  imprinting.
- Reduction in BFR shield regeneration designed to reduce its
  battlefield staying power.
- BFR vs. BFR balance will change with a 1 on 1 able to bust through
  each other's shields in 25-35 seconds (currently 40-60 seconds,
  depending on pilot accuracy).
- Set BFR Batterdown time (the duration the BFR shield stays down
  after being reduced to 0 absorption) to 1.5 seconds for Gunner
  variants, 2 seconds for standard BFRs and 3 seconds for Flight
  variants.
- BFRs shields regenerate more slowly during their battered down
  period. Increased the time the BFR shield stays down once it is
  "beat down". This is intended to moderately reduce the BFRs ability
  to run away.
- BFR shield regeneration while crouched will only be slightly
  reduced, to reinforce the tactic (and inherent limitations) of
  crouching while taking sustained fire.
- Small reduction to BFR shield's shield total absorption.
- Increased experience multiplier for destroying a BFR.
- Reduced BFR explosion radius when it is destroyed. Slightly reduced
  BFR AA Pilot weapon damage vs. air targets.
- Reduced BFR AV weapons damage. Increased effectiveness of handheld
  AV weapons ([Striker](Striker.md "wikilink"),
  [Phoenix](Phoenix.md "wikilink"), [Lancer](Lancer.md "wikilink"),
  [Decimator](Decimator.md "wikilink")) against BFR's. Increased the
  effectiveness of [EMP](EMP.md "wikilink")'s vs. BFR's.
- Increased the effectiveness of the [Bolt
  Driver](Bolt_Driver.md "wikilink") against BFRs.
- Slightly increased effectiveness of [Boomers](ACE.md#Boomer "wikilink")
  against BFRs.
- Increased AV [MAX](MAX.md "wikilink") effectiveness against BFR's.
  Splash damage that hits a BFR shield will incur less grief. Reduced
  [Flail](Flail.md "wikilink") and [Liberator](Liberator.md "wikilink") AV
  damage against BFRs a similar percent to what the BFR shield was
  reduced to keep current balance.
- Slightly decreased the range of the [VS](VS.md "wikilink") Continuous
  Laser weapon.
- Slightly increased the range of the [NC](NC.md "wikilink") Hammer
  weapon.
- Extended the Pain field to the doors of the Vanu Control Center
  spawn location in [Core Combat](Core_Combat.md "wikilink"), to make it
  harder to spawn camp.
- slightly reduced the effectiveness of
  [Maelstrom](Maelstrom.md "wikilink") grenades.
- Increased [Phalanx](Phalanx.md "wikilink") Wall Turret armor by 50%.
- Base turrets fire 25% slower when on automatic.
- Slightly increased base turret rotation speed.
- Slightly increased the range of the [TR](TR.md "wikilink")
  [Pounder](Pounder.md "wikilink") projectiles.
- Released the [Exploration](Exploration.md "wikilink") [Merit
  Commendation](Merit_Commendation.md "wikilink"), which is awarded for
  visiting certain areas, located on the nine original battle
  continents, and learning some history of the War for
  [Auraxis](Auraxis.md "wikilink").
- Storm clouds will no longer appear stretched across the sky.

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md "wikilink")
