Live Version 3.1.2 (November 23, 2004)

- Implemented the Global Warp Queuing system, which gives players
  information that they can use to decide whether to continue trying
  to enter a continent or move on to another.
- Implemented Joystick Support.
- Vehicle Experience Sharing is now live, allowing unsquadded drivers
  and gunners to share the rewards for each kill that the
  [vehicle](vehicle.md) crew makes.
  [Experience](Experience.md) gained by gunners of a vehicle
  will split out to the driver and other gunners of the vehicle
  equally, just like they were in a squad, but without the 20%
  [Squad](Squad.md) EXP bonus. The vehicle's occupants can
  organize into a squad to bring in the bonus! Passengers will not
  receive any experience.
- Players will be able to unlearn
  [Certifications](Certification.md) that are pre-requisites
  for other Certs. When a player does this, that Cert and all
  dependent certifications will be unlearned, freeing up those
  certification points so they can be spent immediately. This change
  will give players many more options for changing their character's
  build over shorter periods of time.
- When a player attempts to bail from a heavily damaged air vehicle,
  there will be a chance that the bail malfunctions. The chance of
  malfunction will not activate until a certain threshold of damage is
  reached. As the craft takes more damage, there will be a greater
  chance of malfunction. Malfunctions will affect
  [Galaxy](Galaxy.md) pilots and gunners but not passengers.
- Passengers and Gunners will be able to bail from vehicles moving at
  any speed, without making the vehicle slow down.
- Passengers and gunners will always be able to bail from ground
  vehicles. Malfunctions will only occur with flight vehicles.
- [Flail](Flail.md) damage has been changed. The flail
  projectile will do less damage at short ranges, and do more damage
  as the projectile travels further.
- Players who destroy enemy vehicles will not accrue grief for
  friendlies damaged in the explosion. The [Nano
  Dispenser](Nano_Dispenser.md), [BANK](BANK.md), and
  [Medical Applicator](Medical_Applicator.md) will be usable
  when a character has weapons locked from Grief. This will allow
  players working their way through a Grief Lock to still contribute
  to their Empire through support activities.
- Fixed an issue where if the [BFR](BFR.md) servos were
  damaged while a BFR was crouched, it would retrigger the crouch
  animations.
- Slightly tightened the [Cone of Fire](Cone_of_Fire.md) of
  the [Peregrine](Peregrine.md) Dual Rocket Pod Gunner weapon.
  Fixed an issue that would cause BFR's to get stuck under bridges.
- The /[ignore](ignore.md) command will properly ignore global
  broadcasts.
- Players will be limited to deploying 20
  [Boomers](ACE.md#Boomer) at a time.
- The [Punisher](Punisher.md) will be able to fire three shots
  before its [Cone of Fire](Cone_of_Fire.md) begins to bloom.
- Substantially increased the [Sunderer](Sunderer.md)'s armor.

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md)
