Version 3.12.12 (April 20th, 2007)

Make way for the new and improved [Sunderer](Sunderer "wikilink")!

Introducing the [Juggernaut](Juggernaut "wikilink"),
[Leviathan](Leviathan "wikilink") and
[Vindicator](Vindicator "wikilink")!

The Sunderer was examined very closely and it became immediately clear
that it didn't have enough fire power. Two guns to protect eleven
soldiers through battle lines??? That's just not going to get the job
done. So we've added four more guns! Two of the four new guns will be
mounted on the top of our newly created Base Crasher and were designed
to be empire-specific. This will now provide adequate support incase
anyone gets any funny ideas of following too close behind. To solve the
issue of grunts running along side, escaping the fire arc of the top
guns, we've added small caliber machine guns on the sides. Anyone
manning these guns will be given an increased range to their
[Darklight](Darklight "wikilink") [Implant](Implant "wikilink") (if
owned). To round out this new party bus, the driver will now be allowed
to hop behind the wheel wearing reinforced armor, jam mines and jump on
the horn if someone gets in the way. This is one heck of an overhaul!

Here is an abbreviated list of features, but don't take our word for it
- Take one for a spin!

HOW THE SUNDERER EVOLVED

-   Empire Specific Vehicles [Juggernaut](Juggernaut "wikilink")
    ([TR](TR "wikilink")), [Leviathan](Leviathan "wikilink")
    ([VS](VS "wikilink")), [Vindicator](Vindicator "wikilink")
    ([NC](NC "wikilink"))
-   Increased Damaged to Existing Top Gun Mounts
-   Two New Top Mount Empire-Specific Guns
-   Two New Side Mount Guns
-   Side Mount Guns With Magnified Darklight Ability
-   Physical Armor Increase At Front of Vehicle
-   Overall Armor Increase To Vehicle
-   Ability To Penetrate Defender Module Base Shields
-   Increased Acceleration Overall (Forward, Reverse, Initial, After In
    Motion & Turning)
-   Driver Can Now Be In Reinforced Armor Suit
-   Driver Given [EMP](EMP "wikilink") Ability 360 Degrees Around
    Vehicle
-   Increased Trunk Ammunition Size
-   New Horn!

The overhaul of the Sunderer has been completed with no additional
requirements to you if you already possess the Ground Transport
Certification. Enjoy!

[Category:Patches](Category:Patches "wikilink")