Version 3.12.20 (Thursday May 31st 2007)

[Combat Engineering](/Combat_Engineering "wikilink") has undergone a few
more changes since [Advanced
Engineering](/Advanced_Engineering "wikilink") was introduced. This
update should make deployables easier to manage and speed up gameplay.
Check out what's new:

- Equipment that you deploy yourself will be a different color from
  other friendly deployables on both the field and overhead map. This
  color can be changed in your options menu and should make
  identifying your deployables quite a bit easier!
- Double-clicking on any deployable you own on the overhead map will
  open a prompt asking if you want to
  [deconstruct](/deconstruct "wikilink") that deployable. No more
  misplacing a [TRAP](/TRAP "wikilink") and sitting there shooting it
  until it's destroyed! Now you can choose which deployable will
  deconstruct and when!
- If you leave a planet and don't come back within 60 minutes, all
  your deployables on that zone will deconstruct (This includes
  staying offline for over 60 minutes). This will hopefully keep
  deployables near the fighting and keep other areas relatively clean.
- If you deploy some equipment with one character and then switch to a
  different character, your old deployables will instantly
  deconstruct. This should eliminate an exploit where a player could
  lay down CE then switch characters, benefitting from the CE without
  having to acquire any engineering certifications.
- We've also made one slight change to the
  [Sunderer](/Sunderer "wikilink") variants: they can now be
  transported in [Lodestars](/Lodestar "wikilink"). Watch for falling
  base crashers!

[Category:Patches](/Category:Patches "wikilink")
