Version 3.12.04 (March 21st, 2007)

**Highlights**

- [Combat Engineers](Combat_Engineering.md "wikilink") all across Auraxis
  can choose to certify in
  [Fortification](Fortification_Engineering.md "wikilink"),
  [Assault](Assault_Engineering.md "wikilink"), or [Advanced
  Engineering](Advanced_Engineering.md "wikilink") to unleash a deadly
  new arsenal of [weaponry](weapon.md "wikilink") upon their enemies!

**Certifications**

- Combat Engineers can now certify in Fortification, Assault, or
  Advanced Engineering.

Fortification Engineering is a defensive minded certification for Combat
Engineers while Assault Engineering focuses on offense. Advanced
engineering is an all in one [certification](certification.md "wikilink")
that includes both Fortification and Assault Engineering!

**Weapons**

- The [FDU](FDU.md "wikilink") can now generate the following weaponry if
  properly certified.
  - [Aegis Shield Generator](Aegis_Shield_Generator.md "wikilink")
  - [One-Manned Field Turrets](One-Manned_Field_Turret.md "wikilink")
  - [Tactical Resonance Area
    Protection](Tactical_Resonance_Area_Protection.md "wikilink")
    (TRAP)

<!-- -->

- An [ACE](ACE.md "wikilink") can now generate the following weaponry if
  properly certified.
  - [Shadow Turret](Shadow_Turret.md "wikilink")
  - [Cerberus Turret](Cerberus_Turret.md "wikilink")
  - [Disruptor Mine](Disruptor_Mine.md "wikilink")

<!-- -->

- The [Upgrade Canister](Upgrade_Canister.md "wikilink") can now generate
  the following weaponry if properly certified.
  - [Wall Turret](Phalanx.md "wikilink") AV upgrade
  - Wall Turret AA upgrade

**Fortification Engineer**

- Fortification Engineering requires
  [Engineering](Engineering.md "wikilink") and [Combat
  Engineering](Combat_Engineering.md "wikilink") as a pre-requisite.
  Fortification Engineering costs 3 Certification points.
- In addition to the Engineering and Combat Engineering abilities a
  Fortification Engineers can deploy Shadow and Cerberus turrets,
  TRAPS, Upgrade Wall Turrets using the Upgrade Canister, and upgrade
  the Aegis Shield Generator.
- Fortification Engineers can now use up to 15 [Spitfire
  Turrets](#Spitfire_Turret "wikilink")!
- Shadow and Cerberus Turrets count towards the 15 Spitfire Turret cap
  and are limited to a maximum of 5 total (not each).
- Fortification Engineers can deploy use up to 25 Mines!
- A certified Fortification Engineer can now deploy 25 [Motion
  Sensors](#Motion_Sensor "wikilink")!

**Assault Engineer**

- Assault Engineering requires Engineering and Combat Engineering as a
  pre-requisite. Assault Engineering costs 3 Certification points.
- In addition to the Engineering and Combat Engineering abilities an
  Assault Engineer can deploy an Aegis shield, One Manned Field
  Turrets, Disrupter Mines, and upgrade the Aegis Shield Generator!
- Assault Engineers can now deploy standard Spitfire Turrets within an
  Enemy [SOI](SOI.md "wikilink")!

**Advanced Engineer**

- Advanced Engineering requires Engineering and Combat Engineering as
  a pre-requisite. Advanced Engineering costs 5 Certification points.
- In addition to the Engineering and Combat Engineering abilities an
  Advanced Engineer gains the abilities of an Assault and
  Fortification Engineer. This would be your all in one cert!

**ACE**

- In order to deploy the new Spitfire deployables, Fortification
  Engineers can now switch ammo type using the "X" button.
- In order to deploy the new Mine deployables, Assault Engineers can
  now switch ammo type using the "X" button.

**Aegis Shield Generator**

- Aegis Shield generators can be upgraded using the [Nano
  Dispenser](Nano_Dispenser.md "wikilink") only if the Aegis Shield
  Generator is at full [health](health.md "wikilink").

**One Manned Field Turrets**

- [Terran Republic](Terran_Republic.md "wikilink") soldiers can now
  deploy the [Avenger](Avenger.md "wikilink") Field Turret to unleash a
  brutal stream of chaingun fire!
- [New Conglomerate](New_Conglomerate.md "wikilink") soldiers can now
  deploy the [Osprey](Osprey.md "wikilink") Field Turret to obliterate
  any enemies in it's sights!
- [Vanu Sovereignty](Vanu_Sovereignty.md "wikilink") soldiers can now
  deploy the [Orion](Orion.md "wikilink") Field Turret which fires deadly
  energy particles at it's enemies!

**Upgrade Canisters**

- Using a Nano Dispenser, Fortification Engineers can use the "X"
  button to switch to the Upgrade Canister cartridge. Turrets need to
  be fairly healthy in order to upgrade them so be sure to fix them up
  before attempting an upgrade!

**Merits**

- Field turret kills should count towards the [Turret
  Gunner](Turret_Gunner.md "wikilink")
  [merit](Merit_Commendations.md "wikilink"). These are
  [Empire](Empire.md "wikilink") specific merits!
- All 3 spitfire variants count towards
  \[\[Tiny_Robotics\]\_Suppotr\|Tiny Robotics\] Suppotr\]\] merit.
- [Cerberus Turrets](Cerberus_Turret.md "wikilink") and AA Wall Turret
  upgrade kills count towards your [Air
  Defender](Air_Defender.md "wikilink") merits!
- New deployables count towards
  [Engineering](</Engineering_(Merit)> "wikilink") and [Equipment
  Support](Equipment_Support.md "wikilink") merits!

**Spawn Tubes**

- An issue that allowed [Spawn Tubes](Spawn_Tube.md "wikilink") to be
  taken down with a single [Boomer](#Boomer "wikilink") has been
  resolved.

**UI**

- The CE HUD has changed to accommodate the new deployables. There are
  now 3 states which can be toggled with Alt + E.
  - Hidden
  - Combat Engineering
  - Advanced Engineering

[Category:Patches](Category:Patches.md "wikilink")
