[Terran Republic](Terran_Republic.md "wikilink") [Max](MAX.md "wikilink")
Changes

- Terran maxes in addition to the lock-down ability, now have a
  secondary ability called Overdrive that is based on a max capacitor
  and that allows them to fire more quickly and fire more accurately
  while active
- This new Overdrive ability is an "all-or-nothing" activation. Once
  activated it can not be shut-off. It cannot be activated until the
  capacitor is fully charged. It will deactivate automatically when
  the capacitor is expended.
- The Overdrive ability is mutually exclusive to the lock-down ability
  and to the max auto-run ability. While Overdrive is active, the max
  cannot lock-down, nor can it auto-run. If the max is locked down or
  auto-running, Overdrive cannot be activated.
- A red shield effect displays around maxes that have Overdrive
  activated so that friend and foe know it is active.
- Terran [Burster](Burster.md "wikilink") Max clip size is now set at 40.

Population [Incentives](Incentives.md "wikilink") Changes

- [Battle Experience](BEP.md "wikilink") will be affected by world
  [empire](empire.md "wikilink") population ratios
- Battle Experience will be affected by [zone](zone.md "wikilink") empire
  population ratios
- [Respawn timers](Respawn_timer.md "wikilink") will be affected by zone
  empire population ratios
- Acquisition Timers will be affected by zone empire population ratios
- These are all benefits only, granted to under-populated empires, and
  no penalties are applied in any case to any empire.

[category:patches](category:patches.md "wikilink")
