**Version 3.15.2 (February 28, 2008)**

Two new [certifications](certifications.md "wikilink") have been introduced
to continue the hacking profession. An [advanced
hacker](Advanced_Hacking.md "wikilink") must choose whether he wants to
further increase his hacking potential with the [REK](REK.md "wikilink") or
move to the dark side of hacking and install electronic viruses with the
new [T-REK](T.$1.md "wikilink"). For the dedicated hacker, we have created
the [Electronics Expert](Electronics_Expert.md "wikilink") certification
which lets you have all hacking abilities at reduced cost. Here are a
list of new abilities:

[Expert Hacking](Expert_Hacking.md "wikilink")

- Hack and [jack](jack.md "wikilink") faster than ever before!
- Jack occupied [vehicles](vehicle.md "wikilink"), booting all
  passengers.
- Increase [pain field](Pain_Field.md "wikilink") damage in nearby [spawn
  rooms](Spawn_Room.md "wikilink").
- Increase [generator](generator.md "wikilink") pain field damage.
- Steal enemy [field turrets](OMFT.md "wikilink") instead of just
  deconstructing them.
- Upgrade the [Aegis Shield
  Generator](Aegis_Shield_Generator.md "wikilink") with enhanced radar
  abilities.
- Have increased [sensor shield](Sensor_Shield.md "wikilink") protection
  while hacking.
- Remove [viruses](virus.md "wikilink") from infected equipment.

[Data Corruption](Data_Corruption.md "wikilink")

- Access a new equippable support item, the T-REK!
- Infect vehicles' control systems, resulting in decreased speed and
  turn rate.
- Install a virus into a facility's [Main
  Terminal](Main_Terminal.md "wikilink") for a variety of effects:
  - Unlock all doors
  - Double [NTU](NTU.md "wikilink") resource drain
  - Access all [Equipment Terminals](Equipment_Terminal.md "wikilink")
  - Disable enemy radar
  - Disable linked benefits
- Infect [Wall Turrets](Wall_Turrets.md "wikilink") and
  [Spitfires](ACE.md#Spitfire "wikilink") so they will attack their own
  [empire](empire.md "wikilink").
- Infect [Motion Sensors](ACE.md#Motion_Sensor "wikilink") so they will
  display friendly units as enemies on radar.
- Infect an Aegis Shield Generator to emit a pain field that damages
  friendly units.

When a facility's Main Terminal is infected, the virus will immediately
take effect. However, aside from noticing the effects of the virus,
other empires will not be able to discern the type of virus installed,
and won't be directly notified that the virus exists for a short time
after installation.

Also introducing a new deployable object, the [Sensor
Disruptor](Sensor_Disruptor.md "wikilink"):

- Usable by certing [Combat
  Engineering](Combat_Engineering.md "wikilink") and [Advanced
  Hacking](Advanced_Hacking.md "wikilink").
- Alternate use of the Motion Sensor firemode; use the change ammo key
  to access the Sensor Disruptor.
- Completely masks nearby friendly units from enemy radar, even when
  detected by sensors.
- Can be deployed in any [SOI](SOI.md "wikilink"), but only outside and
  not too close to a building.
- Shares deployable limit with Motion Sensors.

Miscellaneous other changes:

- Color of REK beam and hacking support icon will change depending on
  the hacker's certification.
- A different message will now be displayed when a
  [Wasp](Wasp.md "wikilink") has a missile lock on your vehicle.

[Category:Patches](Category:Patches.md "wikilink")
