Version 3.2.12 (January 19, 2005)

- [Battle Rank](Battle_Rank.md "wikilink") 23 Extension Players are now
  able to advance to Battle Rank 23. We are also implementing the
  following adjustment to help with the new range of advancement.

<!-- -->

- Recertification To facilitate existing characters restructuring
  their character build with these changes and to prepare for their
  continued advancement, we will be clearing everyone's certifications
  with this update.

<!-- -->

- More 1 cert options: In order to facilitate easier travel,
  especially while wearing [Reinforced
  Exo-Suit](Reinforced_Exo.$1.md "wikilink"), we are making the
  [ATV](ATV.md "wikilink") and [Harasser](Harasser.md "wikilink")
  certifications 1 point.

<!-- -->

- ATV from 2 to 1 cert point. Harasser from 2 to 1 cert point.
  Adjusting Up Combo Certs: In an effort to control "one man army"
  character builds, who can do it all, from happening with the new
  certification alignment, we are bumping up Uni-MAX,
  [BFR](BFR.md "wikilink") and [Air Cavalry](Air_Cavalry.md "wikilink").

<!-- -->

- BFR will move from 3 to 4 cert points. Uni-MAX combo cert moves from
  5 to 6 cert points. Air Cavalry combo cert moves from 4 to 5 cert
  points.

Other Updates

- Slightly increased the [Mosquito](Mosquito.md "wikilink"),
  [Harasser](Harasser.md "wikilink") and
  [Marauder](Marauder.md "wikilink")'s 12 mm [Cone of
  Fire](Cone_of_Fire.md "wikilink") to match that of the
  [Lightning](Lightning.md "wikilink") and
  [Skyguard](Skyguard.md "wikilink").
- Adjusted [BFR](BFR.md "wikilink") Flight Variant flight movement
  capabilities: Slightly reduced flight capacitor recharge rate
- Moderately reduced flight pack lift per unit of capacitor used.
- Slightly increased effectiveness of strafing flight jets Slightly
  increased the batter down timer of the Flight Variant's shield once
  it is beat all the way down
- Substantially increased the [Switchblade](Switchblade.md "wikilink")'s
  armor. Adjusted the movement characteristics of the Switchblade to
  better handle hills and rough terrain.
- Moderately improved the starting cone of fire and bloom of the cone
  of fire of the Switchblade's Scythe weapon.
- Increased Ancient ammo (used by the [Radiator](Radiator.md "wikilink")
  and [Spiker](Spiker.md "wikilink")) to 30 in a box.
- Moderately reduced the [Fury](Fury.md "wikilink")'s Hellfire rocket
  damage against [MAX](MAX.md "wikilink") armor.

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md "wikilink")
