Version 3.2.6 (December 21, 2004)

[Battle Islands](/Battle_Islands "wikilink"): Global Benefits! December's
Combat Event focuses on the Battle Islands, creating unique combat
scenarios and offering benefits for locking the facilities on those
continents. The changes are as followed:

'' \* Battle Island Event \*

---

_Starting with this update and running through the first week in
January, we have unique game play for the Battle Islands. Locking each
Battle Island has an overall positive effect for that Empire’s Lattice
until it is locked by another Empire._

_You can view the status of these global benefits via the Empire
Benefits tab from the Map interface._

_Extinction: ground based bridge brawls! Limitations – No Air Vehicles,
no Tanks, no BFRs, no Flails, no Deliverer Variants Benefit – All Empire
bases will gain faster respawn as if they have a Bio lab connected to
them._

_Desolation: ranged slug fest! Limitations – No Heavy Assault weapons,
No Flight BFRs, No Air Vehicles, no Flails Benefit – All Empire vehicles
gain an extra 10% armor._

_Ascension: battle for air supremacy! Limitations – No Skyguards, no
Deliverer Variants, no AA MAX, no BFRs, no Tanks, no Flails Zone
specific change – Everyone has access to Empire AV weapons and can pilot
air vehicles Benefit – All Empire bases act as if they have an AMP
station connected to them._

_Nexus: t3h footzerg! Limitations – Only Galaxies, Routers and ANTs can
be purchased at the base. AMS cannot be purchased, but can be driven in
from connecting continents. Benefit – All Empire bases act as if they
have a Dropship center connected to them._

_If soldiers attempt to enter the zone with vehicles that are not
allowed, they will not be mobile upon entering and will auto deconstruct
as soon as they are vacated. Soldiers that enter with equipment that is
not allowed (such as AA MAX on Ascension) will load up their first
favorite that does not include invalid equipment. If not allowable
favorites are found, they will arrive in their default spawn loadout._

[BFR](/BFR "wikilink") Adjustments

- Standard BFR's will no longer be available for purchase.
- The Gunner variants will be available to players after Imprinting in
  the [Caverns](/Cavern "wikilink") without requiring the [Advanced
  BFR](</Advanced_BFR_(Merit)> "wikilink") [Merit
  Commendation](/Merit_Commendation "wikilink").
- The Gunner variants will be renamed [Colossus](/Colossus "wikilink"),
  [Aphelion](/Aphelion "wikilink") and
  [Peregrine](/Peregrine "wikilink").
- Adjusted the armor on the Gunner variants to all be the same,
  equaling the current Colossus.
- Adjusted the movement characteristics (top speed, turning radius,
  etc) of all Gunner variants to be the same, roughly equaling the
  current Colossus.
- Run speed is now 35 kph for all.
- Moderately increased the effectiveness of BFR Gunner weaponry.
- Lowered the damage absorption and regeneration rate (while moving
  and crouching) for the Flight BFR's. Reduced the armor on all Flight
  BFR's.
- Reduced damage done by BFR pilot weaponry. Adjusted movement
  characteristics of the Flight BFR's to be roughly equal or better
  than the current Eclipse.
- The Advanced BFR kill streak has been adjusted to required 15 kills.
- Caverns Facilities will count toward BFR acquisition if they merit
  450 or more [Experience](/Experience "wikilink").

<!-- -->

- Holiday hats, gift corpses and lights on the frozen continents will
  be back again to celebrate the holidays.
- The stats pane will reflect driver assisted kills, meaning that if a
  gunner scores a kill, the driver will also have a kill registered to
  their stats. Driver assisted kills will be tracked in their own
  section of the stats pane.
- Bail malfunctions will now have a chance to occur when a vehicle has
  35% or less armor remaining.
- Corrected a bug that could cause door [IFF Door
  Locks](/IFF "wikilink") to disappear at certain Level of Detail
  settings.
- Corrected a joystick slider center point default that was not being
  applied properly.
- Corrected a issue that could lead to a crash to desktop when
  respawning.
- [Lodestars](/Lodestar "wikilink") can no longer repair vehicles while
  they are flying.
- Corrected a problem that could cause you to stop hacking a control
  console when your vehicle was attacked.
- Removed the possibility for a gunner to take damage when bailing
  from colliding with the back of the vehicle.
- Fixed invisible collision issues with removed [BFR
  Sheds](/BFR_Shed "wikilink") on Battle Island maps.

[category:Patches](/category:Patches "wikilink")
