Live Version 3.3.7 (January 28, 2005)

Features [Merit Commendations](Merit_Commendations.md "wikilink") are
currently on the live servers. Check out the full list In Game.

Gameplay

- [ANTs](ANT.md "wikilink")
  - The ANT can now be [deployed](deploy.md "wikilink") from inside the
    [vehicle](vehicle.md "wikilink").
  - The ANT will be able to restore a neutral, unhacked
    [facility](facility.md "wikilink").
  - ANTs will no longer undeploy if a neutral facility it is
    refilling is hacked by another empire.
  - Destroyed ANTs will no longer be able to continue refilling the
    [NTU Silo](NTU_Silo.md "wikilink").
- [BFR](BFR.md "wikilink")'s
  - The [VS](VS.md "wikilink") BFR laser will have [Damage
    Degradation](Damage_Degradation.md "wikilink").
  - The VS BFR Laser weapon changed to 175m range.
  - Corrected issue leading to the VS BFR's Laser's not displaying
    past 70m range.
  - Corrected an issue where the Flight variant capacitor recharge
    rate was different when walking versus flying
  - Changed the BFR shield "flash" display to not play continuously
    at some damage levels.
  - Slightly adjusted [Medium Battle
    Tank](Medium_Battle_Tank.md "wikilink") damage vs. BFR's
  - Slightly increased BFR Pilot AV weapons against non BFR
    vehicles.
  - Reduced the max range of the [TR](TR.md "wikilink") BFR Chaingun
    weapon to 250 and slightly increased the effect of [Damage
    Degradation](Damage_Degradation.md "wikilink") over range.
  - Increased Flight BFR crouched regen rate to fill shields from
    full down to full up in 1 minute.
  - Changed BFR acquisition to 5 [Cavern](Cavern.md "wikilink")
    captures and 100 kills while in the caves.
- Other Vehicles
  - Set the [Fury](Fury.md "wikilink") and all Assault Buggies to allow
    the driver to bail, regardless of speed. Other
    [ATVs](ATV.md "wikilink") already had this property (exception:
    Switchblade - can't bail from [Ancient
    Tech](Ancient_Tech.md "wikilink")).
  - The [Galaxy](Galaxy.md "wikilink") can now carry the
    [Switchblade](Switchblade.md "wikilink").
- When viewing the map, it will now show Commanders what edit mode
  they are in.

Fixes

- Statistics
  - The [Thunderer](Thunderer.md "wikilink") is back on the statistics
    window.
  - Statistics for Terminals, [Generators](Generator.md "wikilink") and
    [Spawn Tubes](Spawn_Tube.md "wikilink") will update properly.
- Implants
  - Hitting ZOOM and ESC multiple times while using the [Range
    Magnifier](Range_Magnifier.md "wikilink")
    [implant](implant.md "wikilink") will no longer cause
    [stamina](stamina.md "wikilink") to drain forever.
  - Implants and Implant icons will update and activate reliably at
    all times. Previously, there were some circumstances that would
    not allow this.
- Corrected an issue that would allow players to enter an enemy
  [Sanctuary](Sanctuary.md "wikilink").
- The [Infiltration Suit](Infiltration_Suit.md "wikilink") no longer
  appears visible after exiting a
  [Switchblade](Switchblade.md "wikilink"), [Ancient Sentry
  Turret](Ancient_Sentry_Turret.md "wikilink"), [Flail](Flail.md "wikilink")
  or [Router](Router.md "wikilink").
- Keymappings will no longer change when a new patch is downloaded
- The map legend no longer shows a [monolith](monolith.md "wikilink")
  icon for the [LLU](LLU.md "wikilink").
- Previously, when a player having 120 health was revived, they would
  return with only 100 hit points. This issue is fixed.
- The [Skyguard](Skyguard.md "wikilink")'s steering wheel no longer
  rotates along the wrong axis.
- Afterburn will no longer cause flight vehicles to appear to move
  erratically when seen by other players.
- Corrected an issue that could cause weapons fire after repairing
  vehicle.
- The [Vanguard](Vanguard.md "wikilink") 20mm Sound effect will no longer
  continue even when the gunner is firing shells.
- The [Striker](Striker.md "wikilink") will no longer circle around
  turrets when fired at them in tracking mode.
- Unhacked [IFF Door Locks](IFF.md "wikilink") will no longer open for
  enemies.
- [Vehicles](Vehicle.md "wikilink") will no longer deconstruct when
  parked under the air vehicle pads.
- Fixed an issue that would cause the [NTU Silo](NTU_Silo.md "wikilink")
  to appear orange when it is filled.
- Fixed several crash to desktop issues.
- Fixed an issue where deployables could be placed directly next to
  each other.

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md "wikilink")
