**Version 3.4.5 (February 22, 2005)**

## Features

- Implemented the new new Global [Lattice](Lattice.md "wikilink")
- Holding certain types and combinations of
  [continents](continent.md "wikilink") will now yield [Empire
  Benefits](Empire_Benefits.md "wikilink").
- Revised Broadcast [Warpgate](Warpgate.md "wikilink") Functionality
  leads to new strategic opportunities to cut enemy broadcasting.
- Implemented the /[who](who.md "wikilink") cr command.
- [Certifications](Certification.md "wikilink") have been reset to
  accomodate the following changes:
  - [Air Cavalry](Air_Cavalry.md "wikilink") has been broken into a
    certification tree. Players may first purchase Air Cavalry:
    Scout (gaining access to the [Mosquito](Mosquito.md "wikilink"))
    for three points and then Air Cavalry: Assault (gaining access
    to the [Reaver](Reaver.md "wikilink")) for an addition two.
  - [Light Scout](Light_Scout.md "wikilink") is now a five point
    certification consisting of [Harasser](Harasser.md "wikilink"),
    [Mosquito](Mosquito.md "wikilink"), [Skyguard](Skyguard.md "wikilink")
    and Empire Specific [Assault
    Buggy](</Assault_Buggy_(Certification)> "wikilink")

## Gameplay

- [BFR](BFR.md "wikilink") acquisition now requires 75 kills in the
  caverns instead of 100
- Cloakers should be less visible at longer ranges.
- The [Liberator](Liberator.md "wikilink") will be able to land easier on
  Air Pads.
- Empire Specific [Buggies](</Assault_Buggy_(Certification)> "wikilink")
  gunner kills will now count toward the [Ground
  Gunner](Ground_Gunner.md "wikilink")
  [Commendation](Merit_Commendations.md "wikilink").
- Kills with the [Lightning](Lightning.md "wikilink") gunner system will
  no longer count toward the [Ground Gunner](Ground_Gunner.md "wikilink")
  [Merit](Merit_Commendation.md "wikilink").
- [Ancient Sentry Turret](Ancient_Sentry_Turret.md "wikilink") kills
  should count toward the [Turret Gunner](Turret_Gunner.md "wikilink")
  [Merit](Merit_Commendation.md "wikilink").
- Killing a [BFR](BFR.md "wikilink") will now count toward the [Tank
  Buster](Tank_Buster.md "wikilink")
  [Commendation](Merit_Commendation.md "wikilink").

## General

- The [Lasher](Lasher.md "wikilink") has a new effect which should reduce
  the framerate impact when facing that weapon (especially en masse).
- [Command Rank](Command_Rank.md "wikilink") attachments (Shinguards,
  Wristguards, Backpacks) will now no longer be drawn at distances as
  they will be culled by the Level Of Detail (LOD) system, which
  should improve framerates in heavy fighting situations.

## Fixes

- Players will not be able to use a [Drop Pod](Drop_Pod.md "wikilink") to
  land on top of a [Geowarp](Geowarp.md "wikilink").
- Players will not be able to use [ATV](ATV.md "wikilink") and
  [Buggies](</Assault_Buggy_(Certification)> "wikilink") bail
  functionality to go through vehicle pad barriers.
- [ATV](ATV.md "wikilink")'s will no longer float in mid-air after
  bailing from them.
- [Instant Action](Instant_Action.md "wikilink") will no longer be able
  to bypass population locks.
- Players will no longer be able to bypass population locks by logging
  in on a planet that is locked.
- [BANK](BANK.md "wikilink")'s and [Medical
  Applicators](Medical_Applicator.md "wikilink") will work properly after
  using [Instant Action](Instant_Action.md "wikilink").
- [Repair Silos](Repair_Silo.md "wikilink") will be able to repair
  [Ancient Tech](Ancient_Tech.md "wikilink")
  [vehicles](vehicle.md "wikilink") in [Sanctuary](Sanctuary.md "wikilink").
- The [Router](Router.md "wikilink") will be able to be repaired by a
  [Lodestar](Lodestar.md "wikilink").
- [ACE](ACE.md "wikilink") Deployables can no longer be placed at the end
  of [Cavern](Cavern.md "wikilink") [ziplines](zipline.md "wikilink").
- It should no longer be possible for Enemies to be able to walk
  through a [Capitol](Capitol.md "wikilink") [Force
  Dome](Force_Dome.md "wikilink").
- Pain fields will no longer work outside of the
  [Generator](Generator.md "wikilink") room if the door is closed.
- [Orbital Strikes](Orbital_Strike.md "wikilink") should not be able to
  affect avatars inside of [Towers](Tower.md "wikilink").
- The [Striker](Striker.md "wikilink") will now properly aim for
  [Deliverers](Deliverer.md "wikilink") (and variants) at their center,
  thus causing them to do full damage when those
  [vehicles](vehicle.md "wikilink") are on water.
- The [Starfire](Starfire.md "wikilink")'s Missile Lock will work
  properly after [HART](HART.md "wikilink") dropping.
- [Flail](Flail.md "wikilink") projectiles will appear properly on other
  clients.
- Kill stats for the [Burster](Burster.md "wikilink")
  [MAX](MAX.md "wikilink") will update properly.
- [BFR](BFR.md "wikilink") movement sound effects will no longer keep
  playing on other clients when viewing the map.
- BFR Gunner weapons should no longer become stuck after viewing the
  map.
- Enemy deployables will no longer interfere with friendly
  deployables.
- Fixed a crash issue related to using the [BFR](BFR.md "wikilink")
  Terminal.
- Fixed a crash issue that occurred if the client has no user keymap
  on startup.

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md "wikilink")
