Version 3.6.5 Launched May 10, 2005.

### Features

Squad Experience: We revised how experience is split out when you are in
a squad to make squadding better to gain [Battle Experience
Points](Battle_Experience_Points.md) over soloing. There is now
a bonus for sticking close to your squadmates. The radar will "glow" to
let you know when you are at medium or long range and a
[waypoint](waypoint.md) will come up to indicate which direction
you should head to re-join your squad members. That's the basics of it,
but we encourage you to click the link above and read the details!

Squad Leader Chat: Now, all leaders of squads on a particular planet can
talk to each other via "/SL". This is to promote teamwork and
coordination without the tedium of sending specific tells to CR4's or
5's.

### Game Play

- Re-adjusting the CEP awarded for base captures to better reward
  running larger squads. The distribution is an even, linear one,
  going from small squads receiving less than previous, scaling up
  with leaders of large squads receiving more than was possible
  previously.
- All medical terminals will now repair both armor and health, with
  advanced medical terminals doing so at a faster rate.
- Changed the way air [Vehicles](Vehicle.md) function to no
  longer lose control at very low health. This was done to remove the
  issue that leads to air vehicles, when they start to fall, to have
  extreme warping. This also allows the pilot with a busted ejector
  seat to still have the "skill" option of driving their way out of
  their impending doom.
- You can use the hotkey Alt + X to toggle the Squad Experience
  Waypoint Display on your HUD.
- The "glow" that comes up around your radar display to indicate
  Medium or Long range Squad EXP bonus is user configurable. Check
  your color settings if you want to change them.

### Fixes

- [Boomers](Boomer.md) and other explosion effects should no
  longer be able to go through ceilings.
- Corrected an issue where extreme changes in altitude (jumping off a
  tower or base wall for example) could cause extreme warping of the
  avatar.
- [Maelstrom](Maelstrom.md) chain lash should no longer go
  through closed doors.
- [BFR](BFR.md) Gunner Variants should no longer have the
  problem of the Gunner sometimes not able to aim sideways after using
  ALT-TAB.
- Also, BFR Gunners should no longer have their viewpoint become
  "wobbly" after swaping out different weapons.
- It should no longer be possible to receive grief by damaging
  friendlies that are near an enemy vehicle that you destroy.
- Lock on weapons ([Starfire](Starfire.md) MAX and
  [Striker](Striker.md)) should no longer be able to "retrack"
  projectiles that are in flight to a new target. The projectiles will
  only lock onto the target they were originally locked on to when
  they were fired.
- We made changes to how [Darklight](Darklight.md) interacts
  with the [AMS](AMS.md) cloak bubble to correct issues that
  could lead to easy location of AMS units.
- Change vehicle status and oxygen meters when submerged in water to
  have numerical % displays.
- Corrected an issue with [Surge](Surge.md) that could lead to
  depleting [stamina](stamina.md) incorrectly.
- Removed conditions that could lead to a soldier respawning to their
  [Sanctuary](Sanctuary.md) when the spawn point they were
  respawning to became unavailable.
- The [Striker](Striker.md) will no longer continue to beep
  after hotswapping with another weapon or loading into a trunk from a
  vehicle favorite.
- Corrected a blocking issue with CE deployables and [spawn
  tubes](Spawn_Tube.md).
- [Motion Sensors](ACE.md#Motion_Sensor) will now properly
  detect enemies in its scanning radius even if placed upside down or
  sideways.
- Removing an unintended mid air lock down ability of
  [TR](TR.md) [MAX](MAX.md) suits.
- Corrected a crash to desktop relating to player defined chat
  windows.
- Audio levels will remain at their correct settings, rather than
  moving to 100% volume, after a game restart.
- [Rocklet Rifle](Rocklet_Rifle.md) ammo count should no
  longer display incorrectly under certain circumstances when
  switching weapons.
- Corrected a display issue with the rooster tail effect of aircraft
  flying low over water.
- Medics will no longer receive incorrect messages when resurrecting
  and switching camera views.
- Exiting a hover vehicle on a steep incline and re-entering the
  vehicle will no longer have a chance to cause a bugged state.

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md)
