**NOTOC** Version 3.7.10 (July 14, 2005)

### New Additions

- The [Support Merit
  Commendations](Support_Merit_Commendations.md "wikilink") have been
  updated. You can view the [updated requirement information to get
  further
  details](http://psforums.station.sony.com/ps/board/message?board.id=indevelopment&message.id=7586).

<!-- -->

- The Support Merit Commendations graphics have been arranged based on
  type of roles. Below is the convention used:

<!-- -->

- - The sidebars are green to indicate a support merit and the
    second inner stripes indicate the rank.

<!-- -->

- - Primary stripe colors:
    - Red = Healing and reviving
    - Blue = Repairing armor or equipment
    - Orange = related to support vehicles
    - Green = related to hacking

<!-- -->

- - Background colors:
    - White, Grey = related to healing or repairing infantry
      (white designated for reviving type merits)
    - Black = vehicle related
    - Orange = robotics related
    - Blue = related to air vehicles
    - Dark Green = hacking related

<!-- -->

- The only support merits that don't follow the above are the [Router
  Support](Router_Support.md "wikilink") and [Telepad
  Deployment](Telepad_Deployment.md "wikilink") awards. Those have a
  black background and purple and light purple stripes for the
  [Router](Router.md "wikilink") and [Telepad](Telepad.md "wikilink"),
  respectively.

<!-- -->

- Also, the Healing, Reviving, and Repairing merits were arranged so
  that they can form a "+" symbol, and the Hacking awards were
  arranged so that they can form an "H".

<!-- -->

- The [Support Experience System and Support Merits
  FAQ](http://psforums.station.sony.com/ps/board/message?board.id=faq&message.id=28)
  on the forums has been updated.

<!-- -->

- For more details on upcoming changes and for community activities,
  visit the [PlanetSide Forums](http://psforums.station.sony.com/ps).

### Game-play Changes

#### Merit Changes:

- Grammatical error in [Bomber Ace](Bomber_Ace.md "wikilink") merit
  descriptions have been corrected.
- [MAX Operator](MAX_Operator.md "wikilink") Gold and Anti-Armor Gold
  merits no longer have the same color scheme.
- Changed the [Vulture](Vulture.md "wikilink") to correctly require
  Bomber Ace, Bronze (the 2nd merit in the 5 part series) as was
  originally intended.
- Vulture kills should now count correctly toward the [Bomber
  Ace](Bomber_Ace.md "wikilink") merit.
- Support Repair merits now count correctly when repairing a [Wall
  Turret](Phalanx.md "wikilink").
- Support Repair merits now count correctly when repairing a
  [Spitfire](Spitfire.md "wikilink") Turret
- Support Router merits now count correctly when getting a [Router
  Deployment](Router_Support.md "wikilink") [Assist](Assist.md "wikilink")
- Equipment Support awards will now track stats correctly.

#### Training Missions UI Changes:

- Character information window should now resize properly.
- New characters should now receive prompt to focus attention to the
  training missions.
- The [Zone](Zone.md "wikilink") prerequisite listing should no longer
  cut off on some of the missions by the window size.
- Mission Status window should no longer show a disabled Cancel
  Mission button if you start a mission while the mission status
  window is already open.
- Mission Status window should be now be work to reopen after closing
  it.

#### Air Vehicle Changes:

- [Vulture](Vulture.md "wikilink") no longer allowed to fly on [Battle
  Islands](Battle_Islands.md "wikilink")
- Fixed Vulture description grammar issues.

#### Support Experience Changes:

- We made some changes to how heal and repair
  [experience](experience.md "wikilink") work so that the experience gain
  is slightly more rewarding.

#### Miscellaneous Changes:

- Fixed a [Zone](Zone.md "wikilink") crashing issue.
- [Orbital Strike](Orbital_Strike.md "wikilink"): Former
  [Capitol](Capitol.md "wikilink") Bases: should now work correctly at
  [Gunuku](Gunuku.md "wikilink"), [Enkidu](Enkidu.md "wikilink"),
  [Oro](Oro.md "wikilink")
- Changed @welcome strings for the first introductory message.
- [Certification Terminal](Certification_Terminal.md "wikilink"):
  Unlearning [certifications](certification.md "wikilink") should no
  longer change current [armor](armor.md "wikilink") to [Standard Issue
  Armor](Standard_Exo.$1.md "wikilink").
- Removed conflicting strings for [hot drop
  pilot](Galaxy_Support_Pilot.md "wikilink") and advanced medic awards.
- Added text strings for the Help experience section.
- Added text string for the Help [Session
  Statistics](Session_Statistics.md "wikilink") section.

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md "wikilink")
