Version 3.7.3, released June 28th, 2005.

- [Support Experience](Support_Experience_Points.md "wikilink") System:
  This system allows the support roles to receive experience from
  kills after giving support. It includes soldier repairs, heals,
  using [AMS](AMS.md "wikilink"), repairing turrets, etc. The experience
  will be granted to the one offering the support if a kill is made by
  a supported player directly after receiving the support.
- The [Support Merits](Support_Merit_Commendations.md "wikilink"):
  Statistics for the Support Merits will be tallied, however, the
  actually merits will be implemented in an update later this week. We
  needed the Support System live beforehand.
- New Player Mission System: This mission system replaces the offline
  training system. It will take players through a series of training
  missions to complete.
- [Vulture](Vulture.md "wikilink"): Close Support Bomber: This aircraft
  is a [Liberator](Liberator.md "wikilink") Bomber variant. It is a
  specialization of the Liberator designed to work in support of
  ground troops in clearing out enemy armor units. Only experienced
  Liberator pilots will be cleared for use of the Vulture. Obtaining
  one from a flight vehicle terminal will require not only the Air
  Support certification, but also a [Bomber Ace
  Bronze](Bomber_Ace.md "wikilink") or higher Merit Commendation. For
  more information view the Vulture: Close Support Bomber post.
- Infantry Weaponry Times: Some minor adjustments were made to the
  infantry weaponry reload, equip time and holster time. For more
  information view the Infantry Weaponry Times post.
- Population Changes: After reviewing feedback, the following changes
  have been made:
  - The global percent toggle has been removed and changed to bring
    up both the normal empire incentives window and the global
    population listing displays from the interstellar map.
  - /[Who](Who.md "wikilink") will no longer reveal on which zone
    enemies are located.
  - Population List will no longer list zones with very low
    population
  - Population List will no longer display enemy sanctuaries
  - [Empire](Empire.md "wikilink") [Incentives](Incentives.md "wikilink")
    display will no longer show population numbers when zone
    population is very low.

<!-- -->

- Gameplay Fixes:

<!-- -->

- Fixed a problem that caused the wrong LOD to display in
  [Caverns](Caverns.md "wikilink").
- Corrected an issue with the zoom camera on the
  [Liberator](Liberator.md "wikilink").
- Corrected an issue causing [vehicles](vehicle.md "wikilink") to be
  unintentionally destroyed.
- Corrected an issue that caused loss of oxygen while the vehicle was
  partially submerged in water
- Newly promoted [Platoon](Platoon.md "wikilink") leaders should now be
  able to create Battleplans.
- Fixed a visibility issue with the [Infiltration
  Suit](Infiltration_Suit.md "wikilink") when changing displayed awards.
- Corrected an issue with [Darklight](Darklight.md "wikilink")
  [Implant](Implant.md "wikilink") that caused unintended problems with
  the [AMS](AMS.md "wikilink").
- Keymaps should now save when there's a space in the configuration
  name.
- Users should no longer get stuck in the air after resuming a session
  after crashing in the [HART](HART.md "wikilink").
- Corrected a LFS issue when promoted someone to squad leader.
- Corrected a swapping issue with the
  [Decimator](Decimator.md "wikilink").
- Increased Decimator damage vs.
  [BFRs](BattleFrame_Robotics.md "wikilink")
- An AMS deployed in an inactive [Geowarp](Geowarp.md "wikilink") will
  undeploy if the Geowarp activates.
- Corrected a visibility issue with BFRs inside an AMS shield.
- Corrected an issue that allowed some vehicles to enter shield module
  barriers.
- AA [MAX](MAX.md "wikilink") Units should now be able to travel to
  [Ascension](Oshur.md#Ascension "wikilink").
- AA MAX Units can now aim upward more toward straight up.
- Corrected a mounting issue with vehicles that are being hacked.
- Using a [Router](Router.md "wikilink") [Telepad](Telepad.md "wikilink")
  while in the Vehicle queue should now break your queue.
- Corrected a display problem with the [Matrix
  Panel](Matrix_Panel.md "wikilink") of the AMS.
- Players should no longer get kicked out of the queue when the
  [warpgate](warpgate.md "wikilink") loses broadcast functionality
- [Lodestars](Lodestar.md "wikilink") submerged underwater can no longer
  repair and rearm vehicles.
- [LLU](LLU.md "wikilink") should no longer get stuck inside or on top of
  base walkways if the carrier is killed inside a vehicle.
- Corrected an issue that allowed an AMS to deploy partially within a
  warpgate.
- An incline in terrain should no longer cause pilots to lose control
  of their aircraft when landing.
- Home Bind Base Point should now reset correctly in the Squad
  Management window.
- Corrected an issue with BFR Flight Variants requiring a [Tech
  Plant](Technology_Plant.md "wikilink") link to acquire a Favorite from
  a Silo.
- Corrected an issue that allowed drivers to get experience when
  gunner got combat engineering kills.
- Corrected a display animation for throwing
  [grenades](grenade.md "wikilink").
- Instant Action or Recall should now cancel if user activates cloak.
- Added missing training information for the [Heavy Scout
  Rifle](Heavy_Scout_Rifle.md "wikilink").
- Slightly decreased the refire time of the Heavy Scout Rifle.
- Added the [Vulture](Vulture.md "wikilink") to the Air Ace combat award
- Based on feedback received, we made some changes to the weather
  system to increase the frequency of weather occurrences.

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md "wikilink")
