Version 3.8.9 (August 16 2005)

**Update Highlights**:

- Battle Rank Increase: [Battle Rank](Battle_Rank.md "wikilink") (BR) 24
  and 25 have been added. No new
  [certifications](certifications.md "wikilink") or
  [implants](implant.md "wikilink") added for these ranks.
  - Reaching BR 24 grants the toggleable helm. The commands to use
    this new feature are /hide_helmet and /helmet.
  - Reaching BR 25 grants new armor graphics.
- Certificate Reallocation: BR 6, BR 12, and BR 18 no longer give
  certificate points. Instead these three cert points are given at
  BR1.
- [Heavy Scout Rifle](Heavy_Scout_Rifle.md "wikilink"): The Heavy Scout
  Rifle is now available to soldiers with the
  [Sniping](Sniping.md "wikilink") certification.
- Training Missions: [Vehicle](Vehicle.md "wikilink") Training Mission
  added and other training missions have been updated.
- Performance Enhancements: Some performance enhancements changes have
  been made.
- In Game Ads: An In Game advertisement system has been added through
  billboard style ads that are streamed by Massive Incorporated.
- EULA Updated: Please note the End User License Agreement (EULA) for
  Planetside has been updated. You can view the updated version during
  the log in process after Tuesday's Update or at
  [1](http://planetside.station.sony.com/policies/license_agreement.jsp).

**Other Highlights:**

- [Darklight Vision](Darklight_Vision.md "wikilink") now costs 3
  [stamina](stamina.md "wikilink") points to activate, in addition to the
  normal stamina drain while it is active.
- Third-person view now cancels Darklight Vision and vice-versa.
- In-game help has been updated and reorganized
- Added [vehicle](vehicle.md "wikilink") hit sound (replaces player
  grunts when taking damage in a vehicle).

**Equipment Changes:**

- [Boomers](ACE.md#Boomer "wikilink") placed near
  [generators](generator.md "wikilink"), medical terminals, and
  [BFR](BFR.md "wikilink") terminals, [certification
  terminals](certification_terminal.md "wikilink") will now do the
  correct amount of damage.
- Boomers placed outside [spawn tubes](spawn_tube.md "wikilink") will now
  do the correct amount of damage whether the door is opened or
  closed.
- Boomers placed inside spawn tubes will now do the correct amount of
  damage whether the door is opened or closed.
- The [Switchblade](Switchblade.md "wikilink") should no longer take an
  excessive amount of time to repair at a silo. This also affects the
  [Flail](Flail.md "wikilink") and [Router](Router.md "wikilink")!
- [MAX](MAX.md "wikilink") Armor: [NC](NC.md "wikilink") Max shield should
  now turn off when in [Galaxy](Galaxy.md "wikilink").
- [Maelstrom](Maelstrom.md "wikilink"): Maelstrom chain lash grenade
  splash can no longer go through ceilings and damage enemies above
- Maelstrom: Chain-Lash Grenade Mode: Should now cause the correct
  damage when it detonates on the middle part of base tunnel walls
- [Router](Router.md "wikilink") [Telepads](Telepad.md "wikilink") should no
  longer appear as a Boomer in the overhead map
- The [Striker](Striker.md "wikilink") will no longer lock on to cloaked
  [AMSes](AMS.md "wikilink") while the wielder is outside the cloak
  bubble.

**UI Changes:**

- Deployables no longer display on overhead map if they are deleted
  while a player is respawning
- [Boomer](ACE.md#Boomer "wikilink") icon no longer remains on map after
  it has been detonated
- Users should now be able to see 'Global' and 'Command' messages
  while dead
- Achievements: Date should now sort correctly
- Players should no longer get stuck at training mission steps
  ([waypoint](waypoint.md "wikilink"), delay trigger)
- Mission Status window: Clicking on the help icon should now point to
  the correct help page
- Help: Offline Training is no longer listed in the help section
- [Empire Benefits](Empire_Benefits.md "wikilink") window is now
  resizable
- Statistics pane is now resizable
- Character Info: Training: Matrix Panel is no longer missing from the
  tasks list.
- First Time Help: [Cyssor](Cyssor.md "wikilink"),
  [Ishundar](Ishundar.md "wikilink"): [Capitols](Capitol.md "wikilink") are
  no longer mentioned in the text

**Air Vehicle Changes:**

- [Galaxy](Galaxy.md "wikilink"), [Lodestar](Lodestar.md "wikilink"): Should
  now properly kick vehicles when cargo access changes.
- Repair animation on landing pads should now stop playing when fully
  healed when you have the Armor Bonus benefit

**Vehicle Changes:**

- [BFRs](BFR.md "wikilink"): Should now correctly become disabled when
  the Vehicle Status bar reaches 0
- Soldiers should now be able to deconstruct at an
  [AMS](AMS.md "wikilink") just hacked

**Miscellaneous Changes:**

- Avatars can no longer become invisible if they move too far from a
  vehicle pad before the vehicle is created
- The [Orbital Strike](Orbital_Strike.md "wikilink")
  [waypoint](waypoint.md "wikilink") should no longer remain visible
  after completion
- [Empires](Empire.md "wikilink") should no longer lose enemy
  [vehicle](vehicle.md "wikilink") benefits when capturing a base
- Location of Flight Vehicle projectiles should now update while dead
- [MAX](MAX.md "wikilink") units should now show on the [Interlink
  Facility](Interlink_Facility.md "wikilink") radar all the time, but
  manned turrets should only shoot them when they are in run mode in
  any case.
- You should no longer receive an "unknown error" message after adding
  a friend twice
- You should now be able to respawn at valid available bases
- [Amerish](Amerish.md "wikilink"): Warping to the
  [geowarp](geowarp.md "wikilink") will now place you at the correct
  location
- Soldiers can now correctly respawn at a base if spawn tubes get
  repaired while zoning

[Category:Patches](Category:Patches.md "wikilink")
