# 1.10.10

Version 1.10.10 (Sept. 19, 2003)

- Fixed an issue that prevented certain keys from being remapped in the
  keymapping options.
- Fixed an issue that prevented
  [ACEs](../weapons/Adaptive_Construction_Engine.md) from being deployed after a
  Combat Engineer dropped from a [HART](../terminology/HART.md) shuttle.
- The destroyed [spawn tube](../items/Respawn_Tube.md) icon will appear on the
  continental map again.
- The [Jackhammer](../weapons/Jackhammer.md) can be reloaded while in secondary
  fire mode.
- Players will no longer fall through the roof of facilities when hotdropping
  from a [Galaxy](../vehicles/Galaxy.md) .
- Parts of the recent framerate optimizations have been rolled back to assist in
  determining the cause of the slowdown experienced on some machines.
- Fixed some crash to desktop issues.
- Placing multiple mines on the same Z axis is now possible and will not auto
  deconstruct. For example; placing a mine on the ground of a courtyard, then
  placing another mine on the catwalk directly above the other mine will not
  result in the auto deconstruction of the second mine.
- Attempting to send a [tell](../chat/Tell.md) to a player that is not
  online will return the correct message in the chat window
- Enemy missiles now appear on Radar.
- [Equipment Terminal](../items/Equipment_Terminal.md) Favorites labels are no
  longer limited to 10 characters.
- [Lockers](../items/Lockers.md) in enemy bases can now be hacked.
- [Certification Terminals](../items/Certification_Terminal.md) in enemy bases
  can now be hacked.
- Implant Terminals in enemy bases can now be hacked.
