Version 1.4 (6/11/03, 4am Pacific)

- Continental [Population Cap](../terminology/Population_Lock.md) is now shown
  on the overhead map interface. This is designed to give you warning when your
  Empire has enough people on a continent that it is "population locked" and you
  won't be able to get there via [Warpgate](../locations/Warpgate.md) or
  [Instant Action](../terminology/Instant_Action.md) or
  [Shuttle](../terminology/HART.md). The overhead map now shows you the
  percentage of maximum at a specific continent so you can easily make
  travelling decisions before you arrive at a
  [warpgate](../locations/Warpgate.md).

<!-- -->

- The vehicle queuing system is now in place. When you select a vehicle, you
  will be immediately transported to the driver seat and then the vehicle will
  autodrive off the purchase pad (air vehicles will fly upward and away) before
  you gain active control of the vehicle. In addition, your purchasing request
  enters a "queue" if there are other players in line ahead of you. All you have
  to do is stay near the vehicle pad and when your turn arrives you will
  instantly transport to the driver's seat, as normal. If you leave the area, or
  if you are killed, your purchase request will be voided and your vehicle won't
  be created.

<!-- -->

- If you hit [Grief](../terminology/Grief_points.md) Level 4 (a very rare
  occurrence...it has only happened a couple times) you will no longer be able
  to reenter the game. Your account will be banned. (There was a circumstance
  where the account wasn't being completely banned. This is now fixed.)

<!-- -->

- [Outfit](../terminology/Outfit.md) decals now work properly. Previously, only
  the [Outfit](../terminology/Outfit.md) leader saw them properly. Additionally,
  the [outfit](../terminology/Outfit.md) decals have been positioned more
  prominently on vehicles so that it shows off better. (NOTE to all users: If
  you don't see [Outfit](../terminology/Outfit.md) Names on players, try hitting
  ALT+N a couple times. One of the Name toggle settings shows player names AND
  [outfit](../terminology/Outfit.md) names.) There will be modifications to the
  way [Outfit](../terminology/Outfit.md) icons are shown on individual armors in
  the next patch to improve the aesthetics.

<!-- -->

- The [Decimator](../weapons/Decimator.md) icon (in your holster) now properly
  disappears once all three shots have been fired and the weapon is discarded
  automatically.

<!-- -->

- You can no longer /ignore GM broadcasts. (Not that you would want to...right?)

<!-- -->

- You should no longer see the energy coils inside the
  [Amp Station](../locations/Amp_Station.md) sorting through the building walls
  so they are visible from outside.

<!-- -->

- Users are now prevented from ever being able to end up beneath the world after
  respawning.

<!-- -->

- [TR](../etc/Terran_Republic.md) [MAX](../armor/Mechanized_Assault_Exo-Suit.md)
  [Dual-Cycler](../armor/Dual-Cycler.md) has been changed to do less damage per
  shot against infantry targets.

<!-- -->

- [TR](../etc/Terran_Republic.md) [MAX](../armor/Mechanized_Assault_Exo-Suit.md)
  [Pounder](../armor/Pounder.md) has been changed so its explosion is slightly
  smaller and so that its damage-at-edge-of-explosion is slightly less also.
  This brings the [Pounder](../armor/Pounder.md) back into balance a bit, and
  also reduces its grief potential somewhat.

<!-- -->

- The secondary firing mode of the [Rocklet](../weapons/Rocklet_Rifle.md) didn't
  have proper delays set on its aesthetic qualities. That has been fixed now to
  match the actual function of the weapon.

<!-- -->

- Bridges now show up on the [VR Driving](../locations/VR_Training.md) area map
  screen.

<!-- -->

- Added a title to the [Sanctuary](../locations/Sanctuary.md)
  [Respawn](../terminology/Respawn.md) window so it's more obvious to most
  users.

<!-- -->

- WARNING! The [Phalanx](../items/Phalanx.md) wall turrets WILL fire
  automatically again...if your Empire owns an
  [Interlink Facility](../locations/Interlink.md) somewhere on the same
  continent. Beware the auto-turrets if you're in a flying craft!

<!-- -->

- The exploit with the [ACE](../weapons/Adaptive_Construction_Engine.md) which
  allowed users to lay mines inside buildings has been fixed. This will no
  longer be possible.

<!-- -->

- The
  [Boomer](../weapons/Adaptive_Construction_Engine.md#remote-detonated-charge-boomer)
  explosion effect now occurs as it should. The explosion will now be visible
  again.

<!-- -->

- We've added the capability to change your bandwidth settings so as to restrict
  or expand the maximum amount of data that you're sending/receiving.

This can help smooth out gameplay for low bandwidth users and can even allow
smoother gameplay for high bandwidth users if they have the pipeline to support
it.

The current default is the "Medium" setting below.

If you have a 56K modem, you should consider using the "Low" setting and see if
it improves your gameplay.

If you have a "fat pipe" (T1 or T3), you can consider going with the "High"
setting.

Most everyone else should be fine with the "Medium" setting.

Remember...if you experience gameplay issues at Low or High settings, you should
probably revert to the Medium setting.

To change your bandwidth settings, type the following in your chat pane while
logged into the game.

Low Setting /info switchboard cullwatermark 40 80

Medium Setting /info switchboard cullwatermark 80 120

High Setting /info switchboard cullwatermark 120 200
