**Version 1.5** (6/20/03, 5am Pacific on All Servers)

We ran into some unavoidable difficulties getting a new test server up. Since
waiting to finish that would have delayed this patch, we have spent some extra
time testing the patch internally and will make it available across all servers
instead of first using a test server. The test server will be brought up shortly
and will be used to test our continued content updates and feature additions.

On to the patch notes ...

- The [Skyguard](../vehicles/Skyguard.md) anti-aircraft buggy is now available for use.
  Enjoy! Please note, however, that
  [Certification Points](../certifications/Certification_points.md) can be spent on the
  [Liberator](../vehicles/Liberator.md)  bomber, although it is not available in-game
  currently. We hope to have the Liberator available very soon.

<!-- -->

- [Hotspot](../terminology/Hotspot.md) algorithms have been improved. The Hotspots now scale up
  and down in size so that you can see the relative size of the battles in
  progress. Additionally, they are much more accurate (there is always a battle
  there now if you see a hotspot) and they refresh much more often. You should
  find them much more useful in finding battles now.

<!-- -->

- You can now [respawn](../terminology/Respawn.md) to a
  [hacked](../terminology/Hack.md) building if you are a member of the owning
  [Empire](../terminology/Empire.md). Previously, once a building was hacked, the option to
  respawn there was unavailable. This is no longer the case.

<!-- -->

- The [Advanced Hacking](../certifications/Advanced_Hacking.md)
  [certification](../certifications/Certification.md) is now required in order
  to [hack](../terminology/Hack.md) [equipment terminals](../items/Equipment_Terminal.md)
  or [vehicle terminals](../locations/Vehicle_Terminal.md).

<!-- -->

- The issue where [vehicles](../vehicles/Vehicle.md) purchased at a
  [vehicle pad](../locations/Vehicle_Terminal.md) would sometimes fire from the weapons pad
  (instead of their muzzle points) causing players unintentional
  [grief](../terminology/Grief_points.md) when they killed their friends accidentally at the
  pad, has been fixed.

<!-- -->

- You can now assign keys to the camera in/out functions on the Keymap screen.

<!-- -->

- Errant hotspots no longer show up in corners on the
  [Global Map](../terminology/Global_Map.md).

<!-- -->

- You should no longer lose your text input cursor when death messages occur in
  the status window. (Only happened on a few screens, like the /bug screen.)

<!-- -->

- Command chat works properly again.

<!-- -->

- Because "H" is typically the hotkey for "Help" and because "H" was the toggle
  for "Hotspots" on the map screen, there was no hotkey for Hotspots that
  functioned. "Hotspots" now has a hotkey of "O" on the map screen.

<!-- -->

- Missiles no longer move with their shell shape sideways. They fly properly to
  target now.

<!-- -->

- [Waypoint](../terminology/Waypoint.md) beams now sort correctly against hill bottoms and
  buildings so that the base of the beams no longer shows through those objects.

<!-- -->

- The [HART](../terminology/HART.md) Shuttle is now visible on the proximity map while inside a
  Shuttle Building.

<!-- -->

- You can no longer see [infiltration suits](../armor/Infiltration_Suit.md) while your
  view is zoomed.

<!-- -->

- [Spitfire](../weapons/Adaptive_Construction_Engine.md#spitfire-turret) turrets can no longer fire at targets inside a
  warpgate bubble.

<!-- -->

- The [exploit](../terminology/Exploit.md) allowing folks to get the stealth
  effect to "stick" to an incorrect armor type has been sealed.

<!-- -->

- First-time help tab (on your Character Info screen) now shows all completed
  first-time tasks.

<!-- -->

- [Magrider](../vehicles/Magrider.md) Heavy Rail Beam projectile now fires in the center of
  the reticule (instead of slightly above).

<!-- -->

- Players can no longer avoid [Phalanx Wall Turret](../items/Phalanx.md) fire by merely
  strafing left.

<!-- -->

- Fixed an exploit that allowed infiltration suits to equip rifle-sized objects.

<!-- -->

- Fixed an exploit that allowed folks to damage objects while they were
  supposedly linkdead.

<!-- -->

- You can no longer hack an enemy base if the friendly base connected to that
  base (on the [lattice](../terminology/Lattice.md)) is already hacked. In other
  words, if your base of operations is hacked, you can't use that base to link
  to other enemy bases. Therefore, you can't hack enemy bases until your own
  rear area is secure.

<!-- -->

- 3000x800 video resolution is now supported.

<!-- -->

- You no longer crash if you exit a vehicle while it is upside down.

<!-- -->

- [Pulsar](../weapons/Pulsar.md) was boosted in damage slightly per shot against soldiers.
  Also, the [AP](../terminology/Armor_Piercing.md) fire rate was increased to match that of
  [Anti-Infantry](../terminology/Anti-Infantry.md) shots.

<!-- -->

- The [VS](../etc/Vanu_Sovereignty.md) [MAX](../armor/Mechanized_Assault_Exo-Suit.md)
  [Quasar](../armor/Quasar.md) had its default ammo increased from 40 to 60 shots. It's
  AP damage is ever so slightly less to compensate, but its infantry damage is
  the same.

<!-- -->

- The [population lock](../terminology/Population_Lock.md) indicator has been changed to show
  how many slots are left for your [Empire](../terminology/Empire.md) on

<!-- -->

- The [Orbital Strike](../commands/Orbital_Strike.md), [EMP](../commands/EMP.md) Blast and See All
  Enemies/Friendlies are now functioning on the
  [Command Uplink Device](../weapons/Command_Uplink_Device.md). Take Command!


