Version 2.1.6 (Nov. 5, 2003)

- [Spawn Tube](../items/Respawn_Tube.md) doors will no longer prevent damage to
  the spawn tubes.
- [Router](../vehicles/Router.md) [Telepads](../weapons/Telepad.md) will now
  [Deconstruct](../terminology/Deconstruct.md) properly if the Router itself
  deconstructs.
- The [Spiker](../weapons/Spiker.md) will now show up properly in
  [Third person](../terminology/Third_person.md) view.
- Secondary fire mode on the [Maelstrom](../weapons/Maelstrom.md) will now cause
  damage to vehicles.
- [Galaxies](../vehicles/Galaxy.md) may no longer enter
  [Core Combat](../items/Core_Combat.md) [Caverns](../locations/Caverns.md)
  through the [Geowarps](../locations/Geowarp.md).
- Router telepads cannot be deployed unless the Router is deployed.
- Router telepads will now disappear if the Router they are connected to is
  jacked.
- The [Flail](../vehicles/Flail.md) and
  [Ancient Turret](../items/Ancient_Sentry_Turret.md) reticules will now display
  the [Ancient Tech](../terminology/Ancient_Technology.md) reticule properly.
- [Combat Engineering](../certifications/Combat_Engineering.md)
  [Deployables](../weapons/Adaptive_Construction_Engine.md) can no longer be
  placed in doorways.
- Weapons will no longer be locked inside an inactive geowarp.
- [TR](../terminology/Terran_Republic.md)
  [MAXes](../armor/Mechanized_Assault_Exo-Suit.md) can no longer anchor
  themselves on [Ziplines](../items/Zipline.md).
- Combat Engineers can now deploys
  [ACEs](../weapons/Adaptive_Construction_Engine.md) near vehicles.
- ACEs can be deployed near Phalanx Turrets again.
- The [Cone of Fire](../terminology/Cone_of_fire.md) on
  [VS](../terminology/Vanu_Sovereignty.md)
  [MAXes](../armor/Mechanized_Assault_Exo-Suit.md) has been returned to previous
  values when it is using jumpjets.
- Flail projectiles will now show up on the
  [Proximity Map](../terminology/Proximity_Map.md).
- Vortex [Modules](../modules/index.md) will now deconstruct properly after the 48
  hour timer expires.
- Changed memory management code to decrease its reliance on the Windows swap
  file. This is to reduce some of the stuttering issues that players have been
  experiencing.
- The Flail's ammo capacitor now holds 50 shots and its armor has been reduced.
- The down angle on the Flail's turret has been decreased so there is now a
  large "under the guns" radius around it and infantry should have a much easier
  time getting close enough to assault it.
- Particle effect enhancements to the router telepads and modules.
