- [Standard Assault](../certifications/Standard_Assault.md) Pass: The [Repeater](../weapons/Repeater.md) and
  [Beamer](../weapons/Beamer.md) now do more damage, but have a slightly increased Cone of
  Fire.
- The [Suppressor](../weapons/Suppressor.md) does more damage and now has a clip size
  of 25.
- The [Mag-Scatter](../weapons/Mag-Scatter.md) now has 8 shots in a clip.
  [Spawn Room](../locations/Spawn_Room.md) Pain Fields: A minor Pain Field will be in effect
  for all enemies who enter a [Spawn Room](../locations/Spawn_Room.md), whether in a
  [Facility](../locations/Facilities.md), Tower or Core Building. The pain effect will
  remain if a Facility is hacked, but will be turned off if the
  [Generator](../items/Generator.md) is destroyed. If a [Core Combat](../items/Core_Combat.md)
  [Pain Module](../etc/Pain_Module.md) is installed, its damage will not stack with the
  low level Pain Field. Instead, the Pain Field will begin doing the Module's
  level of damage. Low level Pain Fields will not affect characters that have
  the [Sensor Shield](../implants/Sensor_Shield.md) [Implant](../implants/Implants.md) activated.
  Also, the Sensor Shield Implant will continue to protect its users if they
  hack, use a weapon or take any other action. The Sensor Shield Implant will
  also have a slight [Stamina](../terminology/Stamina.md) drain against all armor (even while
  crouched) except for the [Infiltration Suit](../items/Infiltration_Suit.md). This will
  allow Infiltrators to move through Pain Fields as they did before, but anyone
  in another configuration will have Stamina drain and therefore not be able to
  stay in the Pain Field indefinitely.
- Players will earn experience for capturing Cavern Facilities.
- Switching to the [Interstellar Map](../terminology/Interstellar_Map.md) will no longer cause
  the chat channel to switch to local.
- Soldiers will now be able to chat while dead. The only two restrictions to
  this are Local and Broadcast channels. All other channels, such as Squad,
  Platoon and Outfit will function.
- The [Geowarps](../locations/Geowarp.md) will no longer require that an Empire maintains
  control of a connecting Facility to pass through them.
- Empires that control a Facility linked to a Geowarp may now use that surface
  Geowarp as a Broadcast [Warpgate](../locations/Warpgate.md) destination (assuming that the
  [Continent](../locations/Continent.md) is already a valid broadcast destination for that
  Empire). This functionality only extends to Geowarps on the surface. Players
  cannot use a BWG to warp to a Cavern.
- The Rearm function of Vehicle Repair Silos and Air Pads will now function at
  all Facilities, whether they are linked to a
  [Dropship Center](../locations/Dropship_Center.md) or not. The Repair function still
  requires a [Dropship Center](../locations/Dropship_Center.md) link.
- Vehicle Deconstruction has been toned down considerably around Vehicle
  Creation Pads. Now, you basically have to be on top of the pad to risk auto
  deconstruct.
- Fixed a memory leak and client crash that would occur after a player
  repeatedly travels to a new zone.
- Fixed an issue that would prevent lock-on weapons from tracking and locking
  onto targets until they reload or switch firing modes.
- Fixed an issue that caused [Lasher](../weapons/Lasher.md)  projectiles not to lash and
  [Burster](../items/Burster.md) and [Flak](../weapons/Flak.md) projectiles to not explode when
  close to aircraft.
- Global Population and Continent [Incentives](../terminology/Incentives.md) windows no longer
  automatically hide when you view the Interstellar Map.
- [Waypoint](../terminology/Waypoint.md) Toggles will no longer default to off.
- Jacking an [AMS](../vehicles/Advanced_Mobile_Station.md) will no longer cause
  it to undeploy itself.
- The [Skyguard](../vehicles/Skyguard.md) now carries four boxes of Flak Ammo and 2 boxes of
  12mm Ammo.
- Fixed an issue that would cause the proximity radar to randomly disappear from
  the [HUD](../etc/Heads-up_Display.md).
- [Core Combat](../items/Core_Combat.md) [Module](../etc/Modules.md) runners will be able
  to enter a continent through its population lock. This will only affect the
  runner.
- Vehicle drivers and occupants sharing a ride with the runner cannot bypass the
  lock.
- In a pop-locked situation, the runner must exit the vehicle and run into the
  geowarp alone.
- Fixed an issue where players could not see enemy names during heavy fights.
- The [Nexus](../locations/Oshur.md) [Battle Island](../locations/Battle_Islands.md) can now be
  continent locked by an Empire.
- Changes to netcode to prevent packet blocking exploits.
- Dead avatars will no longer block projectiles. Players will no longer be
  killed when [Instant Action](../terminology/Instant_Action.md) takes them to a Battle Island.


