Version [2.2.13](2.2.13.md) (November 21, 2003)

## Gameplay

- When a player activates an [Implant](../implants/Implants.md), [Stamina](../terminology/Stamina.md)
  drain will begin immediately. This is to prevent players from "flickering"
  implants on and off to avoid the drain.
- You can now create [Modules](../etc/Modules.md) of all types in every
  [Cavern](../locations/Caverns.md). The non powered modules are no longer acquired from
  the capture point, there are 6 places to pick up the modules in the building
  now.
- Active [Geowarps](../locations/Geowarp.md) on [Continents](../locations/Continent.md) now appear on
  [Global Map](../terminology/Global_Map.md).
- The avatar "special ability" key (aka the "toggle stealth" key) was moved from
  the General keymap to the Soldier keymap.
- Added a pane to the Keymapping options for
  [MAX](../armor/Mechanized_Assault_Exo-Suit.md) armor that allows players to
  override the "Special Ability" and "Jump" keymappings in the Soldier Pane.
- Previously, [Module Cradles](../items/Module_Cradle.md) could take damage if they were
  holding a module. Now they are always invulnerable.
- Dropped modules now appear as neutral on the Overhead maps.
- Time-to-Hack and [LLU](../terminology/Lattice_Logic_Unit.md) lifespan info
  should be available at ALL facilities (NOT caverns) for all clients.
- Caverns are now laid out in a ring on the [Global Map](../terminology/Global_Map.md).
- Building object sounds will stop when a [Facility](../locations/Facilities.md) has no
  power (exceptions are the Resource Silo and
  [Control Console](../locations/Control_Console.md)).
- Players must now leave a geowarp's warp bubble before they can warp again.

## Performance

- Certain rendering properties, animations and effects have been optimized to
  improve framerates - especially in heavy combat situations.

## Bug Fixes

- Players can no longer bypass the reload time for weapons by holstering them
  and drawing them again.
- Players will no longer be propelled from
  [AMS](../vehicles/Advanced_Mobile_Station.md) [Spawn Tubes](../items/Respawn_Tube.md)
  at high speeds and take damage for it.
- [Implant](../implants/Implants.md) and [Macro](../etc/Macro.md) icons in the hotbar will no
  longer swap between players.
- Implemented improved Speedstep detection.
- [Vehicle Terminals](../locations/Vehicle_Terminal.md) will no longer appear destroyed for
  some players and active for others.
- Players who die while holding the fire button down to throw a
  [Grenade](../items/Grenade.md) will no longer throw the grenade when
  [Revived](../terminology/Revive.md).
- Players will no longer get a message that they can deploy an [ANT](../vehicles/Advanced_Nanite_Transport.md)
  here when they are outside of the base.
- Players can no longer load [Ancient Tech](../terminology/Ancient_Technology.md) weapons from a
  vehicle favorite if the facility does not have the Weapon module installed or
  linked.
- Ancient Tech Weapons are no longer listed twice at the AT
  [Equipment Terminals](../items/Equipment_Terminal.md).
- Going linkdead while drop-podding will no longer cause the avatar to die.
- Avatars riding on [Zipline](../items/Zipline.md) will no longer be able to use deployed
  [Router](../vehicles/Router.md) [Telepads](../weapons/Telepad.md).
- The Lazed targeting reticule will no longer continue to appear after
  respawning or exiting the Flail.
- Players will be able to board the HART consistently when it is docked at the
  HART shuttleport.
- Router drivers will no longer get telefragged when another player uses its
  remotely deployed telepad.
- Players will no longer get stuck on [Cavern](../locations/Caverns.md) telepads.
- Friendly players in [Phalanx Turrets](../items/Phalanx.md) will no longer show
  as red on the HUD when targeted.
- Jumping in a [VS](../etc/Vanu_Sovereignty.md) [MAX](../armor/Mechanized_Assault_Exo-Suit.md)
  will drain stamina properly again (this does not apply to using the VS
  jumpjets, which drain from the MAX capacitor as opposed to stamina)
- The gunner dots in the [Prowler](../vehicles/Prowler.md)'s [HUD](../etc/Heads-up_Display.md) display show
  players in the correct position.
- [Drop Pods](../items/Drop_Pod.md) will no longer stack up on each other when multiple
  characters drop in at the same location.
- If a [Medic](../certifications/Advanced_Medical.md) goes linkdead while reviving another player, that
  player will not come back from the dead.


