# 2.3.6

Version [2.3.6](2.3.6.md) (December 5, 2003)

- The Battle Concentration Initiative has come to the live servers. Click here
  to learn more about it.
- The [Lodestar](../vehicles/Lodestar.md) has arrived! Learn more about this new
  vehicle transport here.
- Player Recertification is also live for the first time. Learn about the new
  cert options here!
- Ancient [Module Cradle](../items/Module_Cradle.md) are now located in the main
  room of facilities, instead of the [Generator](../items/Generator.md) room.
- [Generators](../items/Generator.md) will no longer take excessive aggravated
  damage from [Plasma grenades](../weapons/Plasma_grenade.md).
- [FPS](../terminology/FPS.md) optimizations have been made to reduce the load
  on the CPU.
- Surge Implant users will no longer be able to warp around the screen and
  become extremely difficult to hit.
- Improved vehicle handling and climbing capabilities.
- Players were unable to see [Orbital Strikes](../terminology/Orbital_Strike.md)
  that were initiated before the area come onto their screen. This issue is
  fixed and players should be able to see all Orbital Strikes.
- Players will be able to remap the "Toggle Special Ability" key properly.
- Players who bail from an aircraft and pull out a weapon will no longer leave
  smoke trails in the sky.
- [Platoons](../terminology/Platoon.md) will now display member squads each on a
  seperate line by default.
- Vehicles should no longer pull to the right when driving.
- The [HART](../terminology/HART.md) timer has been changed to five minutes.
