Version [2.4.7](2.4.7.md) (February 6, 2004)

Gameplay Changes

- [Reinforced Exo-Suit](../armor/Reinforced_Exo-Suit.md) now absorbs two more points of
  damage and has 50 more armor.
- The Empire Population Cap has been reduced so an equal number of players from
  each Empire can be on a continent at once. The over population cap is
  unchanged.
- Flag icons now appear when a [Cavern](../locations/Caverns.md) building is hacked.
- Destroyed [Spawn Tubes](../items/Respawn_Tube.md)  and
  [Ancient Sentry Turrets](../items/Ancient_Sentry_Turret.md) will have a "destroyed"
  graphic to help players know their status.
- Animation culling can now be toggled through the video options interface.
- There now is a "Rotate Radar" option in the "Game Options" area that allows
  the Radar] view to rotate with the player.
- Lodestar is now listed in kill stats.
- [Radiator](../weapons/Radiator.md) clouds are now visible.
- Tertiary mode on the [Maelstrom](../weapons/Maelstrom.md)  will now fire grenades that
  explode on impact.

Bug Fixes

- Players will no longer spawn in invalid locations within an
  [AMS](../vehicles/Advanced_Mobile_Station.md) bubble.
- [Base](../locations/Facilities.md) [Lattice](../terminology/Lattice.md) links will no longer go black when
  the status of a base changes.
- Fixed an issue where players take no damage when shot at point blank range by
  certain weapons.
- [MAX](../armor/Mechanized_Assault_Exo-Suit.md) death animations display
  properly.
- Vehicles will no longer get stuck in autodrive if someone enters a gunner spot
  when the vehicle is created.
- Fixed an issue where vehicle momentum does not change when running over
  people.
- Vehicles and players will no longer take damage when a player is dismounting
  and a gunner is firing.
- Fixed a bug where vehicles could drive through lava longer than they could
  drive through water.
- The vehicle shield effect will no longer stick to players when they exited
  their shielded vehicles.
- The Repair/Rearm.md functions of the Lodestar will no longer work inside of a
  warpgate.
- Passengers recovering from Linkdeath in a Lodestar will no longer become stuck
  in the cargo bay.
- Fixed a bug in ground vehicles where running over users with 0 armor will not
  kill them, but users with some armor points die instantly.
- Bailing from an aircraft will no longer leave the 'inertial dampener' effect
  visible in the sky for a long time.
- [Advanced Targeting](../implants/Enhanced_Targeting.md) now shows the state of unmanned
  [Ancient Sentry Turrets](../items/Ancient_Sentry_Turret.md).
- Ancient Sentry Turrets will fire properly after a player zones.
- Holding a directional key while in the [Overhead Map](../terminology/Overhead_Map.md) view
  and exiting the map will no longer cause the map to continue scrolling.
- Vehicles with gunner positions that enter and exit a Lodestar will no longer
  lose gunner ammo upon exit.


