March 15, 2004

## Gameplay

- [Capitol](../locations/Capitol.md) Buildings are live. Read more about them here.
- [Core Combat](../items/Core_Combat.md) Enhancements are also live. Check them out here.
- If a [Cavern](../locations/Caverns.md) is locked, then any friendly surface
  [Facilities](../locations/Facilities.md) connected to that cavern (via the
  [Lattice](../terminology/Lattice.md) through the [Geowarps](../locations/Geowarp.md) will act as if it
  had all six modules installed.
- Hand-held [Ancient Technology](../terminology/Ancient_Technology.md) weapons now have
  "recharge capacitor units" (Ancient Tech "ammo") that you can buy at
  [AT Equipment Terminals](../items/Ancient_Equipment_Terminal.md) or at
  [facilities](../locations/Facilities.md) with the
  [Equipment Module](../items/Equipment_Module.md) benefit.
- [Phalanx](../items/Phalanx.md) Wall Turrets now have a great upward pivot, allowing
  them to more easily targeting incoming aircraft.
- [Certification Terminals](../items/Certification_Terminal.md) can now be destroyed.
- Double-clicking on a Warpgate will now zoom to its linked continent.
- [Hand Grenades](../weapons/Hand_grenade.md) will now come in clips of three, though they
  will require the same amount of inventory space as before. i.e. A clip of
  three grenades will take up the 2x2 inventory space that a single grenade
  consumed before.
- [TR](../etc/Terran_Republic.md) [Burster](../items/Burster.md) will only do direct
  damage to non-aircraft targets. It will no longer inflict splash damage on
  infantry and ground vehicles.
- A glow effect and a laser sight effect have been added to the
  [Decimator](../weapons/Decimator.md).
- The [Lasher](../weapons/Lasher.md)  will no longer lash within 5m of the shooter.
- The Lasher will no longer lash through walls.
- The [Cone of Fire](../terminology/Cone_of_fire.md) on the [TR](../etc/Terran_Republic.md)
  [Dual Cycler](../items/Dual-Cycler.md) has been reduced.

## Bug Fixes

- [Enhanced Targeting](../implants/Enhanced_Targeting.md) will now show the status of enemy
  [Flails](../vehicles/Flail.md) beyond 15 meters.
- Damage Decals will no longer show up on water.
- Scorch decals on a door will not remain stationary when a door opens.
- Fixed an issue that would cause players to lose
  [Outfit Points](../terminology/Outfit_Points.md).
- [Outfits](../terminology/Outfit.md) can invite players with a -J or -K appended to their name
  through the Outfit Window.
- Fixed an issue where newly created characters could not receive send or
  receive /[Tell](../commands/Tell.md) messages or be added to
  [Friends List](../commands/Friends_List.md).
- Teleporting through [Router](../vehicles/Router.md) [Telepad](../weapons/Telepad.md) will no longer
  cause [Darklight](../implants/Darklight.md) to appear with normal field of vision.
- Energy [weapons](../weapons/Weapon.md) will leave a damage decal on surfaces
  again.
- [Wall Turrets](../items/Phalanx.md) that are destroyed and repaired will display the
  proper textures.
- Drivers will no longer spawn in a [Vehicle](../vehicles/Vehicle.md) with only 1 shot
  remaining in the vehicle's weapon clip.
- Manual binds will no longer remain after deleting character and creating
  another.
- Fixed an issue where an avatar could remain in the world after being
  disconnected.

<!--[category:Patches](category:Patches.md)-->
