Version [2.6.5](2.6.5.md) (April 21, 2004)

- High resolution textures will now display properly. Since this calls higher
  graphical features, users may notice a performance difference after this
  update. If this happens, we recommend disabling high-res textures.
- Players will have the option to automatically reload their weapon when it runs
  out of ammo.
- An [Armor](../armor/Armor_Index.md) status bar will be visible over avatars.
- Hover vehicle brakes were modified to allow brakes to function more
  efficiently. Vehicles affected: [Magrider](../vehicles/Magrider.md),
  [Thresher](../vehicles/Thresher.md), [Router](../vehicles/Router.md), [Flail](../vehicles/Flail.md).
- Low-ratio gears (first and second gears) were adjusted (slightly) on the
  following vehicles in order to increase their torque (starting power) when
  trying to start moving uphill from a dead stop. Vehicles affected:
  [AMS](../vehicles/Advanced_Mobile_Station.md), [Sunderer](../vehicles/Sunderer.md),
  [Vanguard](../vehicles/Vanguard.md), [Prowler](../vehicles/Prowler.md), [Magrider](../vehicles/Magrider.md),
  [Router](../vehicles/Router.md), [Flail](../vehicles/Flail.md).
- Levels of visibility have been honed for each of the different actions that
  [Infiltrators](../items/Infiltration_Suit.md) can take - running, walking, crouch-walking,
  jumping, and shooting, etc. Further, the level of visibility has been adjusted
  to account for multiple simultaneous actions, such as jumping and shooting.
- Infiltrators will remain cloaked when they mount a vehicle, but will be
  partially visible as long as they occupy the seat. This adjustment does not
  apply to the wraith, which will remain fully invisible when sitting still, and
  become more visible at higher speeds.
- Fixed a bug that was causing Infiltrators to remain completely invisible when
  using the [Flail's targeting laser](../weapons/Laze_Pointer.md). Infiltrators will now be
  as visible when using the Flail laser as they would while using any other
  piece of support equipment.
- Pistol slot items will no longer be visible in an Infiltration Suit.
- Hotswapping items will no longer cause infiltrators to become more visible.
- The Infiltration Status Icon will function properly, giving a visual indicator
  of how "cloaked" a player is.
- The nature of the Empire-specific Infiltration Suit models caused some suits
  to be more visible than others. We have adjusted parameters for each Empire to
  compensate for this.
- Added code for improved detection of speedhacking [Exploits](../terminology/Exploit.md).
- Ammo boxes will no longer be visible through an
  [AMS](../vehicles/Advanced_Mobile_Station.md) cloak bubble.
- [Squad Leaders](../terminology/Squad_Leader.md) will be able to quickly drop a
  [Personal Waypoint](../terminology/Personal_Waypoint.md) at the location of any squad member
  by right clicking on their icon in the squad bar.
- Activating the [Surge](../implants/Surge.md) [Implant](../implants/Implants.md) will now
  automatically holster any weapons or equipment that are currently drawn. The
  implant will automatically deactivate when a weapon is drawn. There will be a
  small delay after deactivation before the player may fire.
- Silent Run will be renamed [Sensor Shield](../implants/Sensor_Shield.md) and will block
  detection from [Motion Sensors](../weapons/Adaptive_Construction_Engine.md#motion-sensor-alarm),
  [Spitfire Turrets](../weapons/Adaptive_Construction_Engine.md#spitfire-turret), and [Mosquito](../vehicles/Mosquito.md)  scans.
  Players become visible to sensors if they take any damage, fire a weapon, or
  use an object like a [REK](../weapons/Remote_Electronics_Kit.md).
- Fixed a bug that would cause Infiltrators to be visible to newly spawned
  players.


