Version 2.7.6 (May 27, 2004)

- We are introducing alternate [Vehicle](../vehicles/index.md) loadouts,
  mounting different weaponry to existing vehicles. The first variants include
  the [Fury](../vehicles/Fury.md), a [Basilisk](../vehicles/Basilisk.md) variant
  equipped with a fixed-forward firing rocket launcher, and a set of
  Empire-specific [Deliverer](../vehicles/Deliverer.md) configurations:
  [Aurora](../vehicles/Aurora.md), [Thunderer](../vehicles/Thunderer.md), and
  [BattleWagon](../vehicles/Raider.md)
- The [AMS](../vehicles/Advanced_Mobile_Station.md) is being redesigned. It will
  now feature two equipment terminals, a matrixing panel and a deconstruction
  panel. The spawn tubes are being removed, since players now spawn in the cloak
  bubble, not in the tubes. The AMS will retain all of its current
  functionality, while adding an additional equipment terminal. Also, the AMS is
  now deployed by the driver from inside.
- Empire Incentives are being improved. These have been described here.
- Session stats are displayed on the [HUD](../terminology/Heads-up_Display.md) so that
  players can see their kill/death ratios, the amount of time played, etc.
- Tower [SOIs](../locations/Sphere_of_Influence.md) will show up at all zoom
  levels on the [continent map](../terminology/Overhead_Map.md).
- Relative Population Indicators will allow players to see the population
  distribution of the three Empires across the world. Players will be able to
  view what percentage of an [Empire](../terminology/Empire.md) is on a given
  [Continent](../locations/Continent.md).
- Continental Dominion Indicators will display at a glance which Empire holds
  dominion over each continent on the
  [Global Map](../terminology/Global_Map.md).
- An issue that caused difficulty of attaining and achieving locks with lock-on
  weaponry has been resolved.
- Fixed an issue that would allow [Implants](../implants/index.md) to be used
  with no [Stamina](../terminology/Stamina.md) drain.
- Changed certain properties in the texture loading process that would cause
  stuttering and a reduction in framerates. This should result in smoother
  graphical performance, particularly after first loading a continent.
- The [Vehicle](../vehicles/index.md) [HUD](../terminology/Heads-up_Display.md) has
  been improved. Drivers and passengers/gunners will see arrows, indicating each
  gunner's viewing direction.
- Toggle [Animation Culling](../terminology/Animation_Culling.md) will save
  properly between sessions.
- Fixed an issue that would trigger the Empire Switch Timer, even though the
  player had not switched Empires.
- Fixed an issue that would cause some avatars to become invulnerable in certain
  situations.
- Fixed an issue that would cause the chat window to scroll to the top when it
  is resized.
- Deployables will no longer become elevated off the group after being deployed.
- [Maelstrom](../weapons/Maelstrom.md) grenades will do damage to
  [generators](../items/Generator.md).
- Players must now leave a [geowarp](../locations/Geowarp.md) bubble before they
  can warp out again. This is done so that players do not instantly get warped
  out of the cavern when arriving near the teleportation beam.
- Players without [Core Combat](../items/Core_Combat.md) registered who attempt
  to enter a Geo-Warp will get a message letting them know they cannot pass
  through unless they register the expansion.
- Fixed an issue that would allow
  [ACEs](../weapons/Adaptive_Construction_Engine.md) to be equipped while
  [Surge](../implants/Surge.md) was activated.
- Fixed an issue that would cause Infiltrators to be more visible at high zoom
  levels.
