Version 2.9.5 (August 2, 2004)

- The latest round of Balance Adjustments have been done. For details
  on what has changed, check here.
- [Empire Incentives](../Empire_Incentives.md) have been
  modified. If all [Empires](../Empire.md) are balanced, they
  have approximately 33% of the total global population. Every hour,
  we check the last 7-day period and average all those numbers to see
  whether there are any major shifts in population. If the Empires
  move away from the 33% optimal situation, we alter
  [Experience](../Experience.md) and health in order to encourage
  new characters to be created in the Empires that need more
  population. If an Empire gets extremely out of balance, then the
  numbers finally get to the point where some players with existing
  characters might consider changing Empires to avoid penalties. This
  is done to maintain balance within the game if such imbalance ever
  occurs.
- Fixed an issue that would cause an avatar to take no damage in
  certain conditions. We are aware of an issue that causes some
  stuttering when a player first logs into the game. We have taken
  steps to reduce this occurrence and will be continuing to make
  improvements to performance after initial login.
- The [Merit Commendation](../Merit_Commendation.md) attachment
  is now displayed on character avatars.
- Implemented an option called Adaptive LOD. When enabled this option
  allows the game to switch to lower LOD objects closer to the camera.
  This is only done when the current framerate is below the target
  framerate. This is available through the Graphics Options UI.
- Implemented a Cull Animations option. When enabled, this option
  allows the game to update animations less frequently for characters
  that are farther away. This is done regardless of framerate when
  enabled. This is available through the Graphics Options UI.
- Keys bound to Turn Left work correctly.
- [Outfit](../Outfit.md) invite text does not get cut off if the
  inviter has a long name
- The [Striker](../Striker.md) will now properly hit and do
  damage to the [Phalanx](../Phalanx.md) Wall Turret.
- Fixed an issue that could cause the entire continent map to appear
  in the proximity radar.
- [LLU](../LLU.md) [Sub-Capitols](../Sub-Capitol.md) will
  now spawn an LLU if the only linked base is a
  [Capitol](../Capitol.md).

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md)
