Live Version 3.0.27 (November 3, 2004)

- Halloween pumpkins have been removed.
- [Cavern](../locations/Caverns.md) [facility](../locations/Facilities.md) resecures will count toward
  [BFR](../vehicles/BattleFrame_Robotics.md) imprinting. Since resecures will
  award less experience than captures, the experience requirement for imprinting
  is less for a resecure.
- Only one resecure in a 20 minute period will count toward BFR imprinting.
- Reduction in BFR shield regeneration designed to reduce its battlefield
  staying power.
- BFR vs. BFR balance will change with a 1 on 1 able to bust through each
  other's shields in 25-35 seconds (currently 40-60 seconds, depending on pilot
  accuracy).
- Set BFR Batterdown time (the duration the BFR shield stays down after being
  reduced to 0 absorption) to 1.5 seconds for Gunner variants, 2 seconds for
  standard BFRs and 3 seconds for Flight variants.
- BFRs shields regenerate more slowly during their battered down period.
  Increased the time the BFR shield stays down once it is "beat down". This is
  intended to moderately reduce the BFRs ability to run away.
- BFR shield regeneration while crouched will only be slightly reduced, to
  reinforce the tactic (and inherent limitations) of crouching while taking
  sustained fire.
- Small reduction to BFR shield's shield total absorption.
- Increased experience multiplier for destroying a BFR.
- Reduced BFR explosion radius when it is destroyed. Slightly reduced BFR AA
  Pilot weapon damage vs. air targets.
- Reduced BFR AV weapons damage. Increased effectiveness of handheld AV weapons
  ([Striker](../weapons/Striker.md), [Phoenix](../weapons/Phoenix.md),
  [Lancer](../weapons/Lancer.md), [Decimator](../weapons/Decimator.md)) against
  BFR's. Increased the effectiveness of [EMP](../commands/EMP.md)'s vs. BFR's.
- Increased the effectiveness of the [Bolt Driver](../weapons/Bolt_Driver.md)
  against BFRs.
- Slightly increased effectiveness of
  [Boomers](../weapons/Adaptive_Construction_Engine.md#remote-detonated-charge-boomer) against BFRs.
- Increased AV [MAX](../armor/Mechanized_Assault_Exo-Suit.md) effectiveness
  against BFR's. Splash damage that hits a BFR shield will incur less grief.
  Reduced [Flail](../vehicles/Flail.md) and [Liberator](../vehicles/Liberator.md)
  AV damage against BFRs a similar percent to what the BFR shield was reduced to
  keep current balance.
- Slightly decreased the range of the [VS](../etc/Vanu_Sovereignty.md) Continuous Laser weapon.
- Slightly increased the range of the [NC](../etc/New_Conglomerate.md) Hammer
  weapon.
- Extended the Pain field to the doors of the Vanu Control Center spawn location
  in [Core Combat](../items/Core_Combat.md), to make it harder to spawn camp.
- slightly reduced the effectiveness of [Maelstrom](../weapons/Maelstrom.md) grenades.
- Increased [Phalanx](../items/Phalanx.md) Wall Turret armor by 50%.
- Base turrets fire 25% slower when on automatic.
- Slightly increased base turret rotation speed.
- Slightly increased the range of the [TR](../etc/Terran_Republic.md)
  [Pounder](../armor/Pounder.md) projectiles.
- Released the [Exploration](../merits/Exploration.md)
  [Merit Commendation](../merits/Merit_Commendations.md), which is awarded for visiting
  certain areas, located on the nine original battle continents, and learning
  some history of the War for [Auraxis](../locations/Auraxis.md).
- Storm clouds will no longer appear stretched across the sky.


