# 3.0.17

Live Version 3.0.17 (October 15, 2004)

- [BFR](../vehicles/BattleFrame_Robotics.md) Assets are included in this update,
  however BFR's will not be available to players.
- BFR Hangars will be present in facility courtyards.
  [Cavern Captures](../terminology/Cavern_Captures.md) will not lead to BFR imprinting
  until further notice.
- All players will need to be aware that we will be recertifying all characters
  in [PlanetSide](../PlanetSide.md) tomorrow morning at 3 AM Pacific to
  introduce new elements to the existing certification process. When you first
  login to PlanetSide after tomorrow morning, all of your characters will be
  without any certifications. You will have all of your certification points
  restored and may spend them again at a
  [Certification Terminal](../items/Certification_Terminal.md).
- Kill Stats are now tracking vehicle occupants as individual kills in the stats
  UI. For more information, see the Development Doc on this feature.
- Implemented the Vehicle Viewing Direction Indicator and Advanced Color
  Options. The Direction Indicator can be toggled on and off by mapping a key in
  the Options UI.
- Created a new certification tree for Armored Assault that includes acquisition
  for BattleFrame Robotics.
  - Armored Assault 1 - Access to the [Lightning](../vehicles/Lightning.md)
    Tank - cost 2
  - Armored Assault 2 - Access to the empire specific
    [Medium Battle Tank](../items/Medium_Battle_Tank.md) - cost 1 (requires that
    you have Armored Assault 1)
  - [Flail](../vehicles/Flail.md) - Access to the Flail - Cost 1 (requires that
    you have Armored Assault 2)
  - BattleFrame Robotics - Cost 2 (requires that you have Armored Assault 2)
- The [Harasser](../vehicles/Harasser.md) is now also included in the Assault
  Buggy certification.
- While the [Light Scout](../certifications/Light_Scout.md) vehicles are now
  located in other certs (Lightning in Armored Assault 1 and Harasser in Assault
  Buggies), the Light Scout certification will remain for anyone who is
  interested in keeping the Lightning/Harasser combination.
- The [Striker](../weapons/Striker.md) and
  [MAX](../armor/Mechanized_Assault_Exo-Suit.md) lock-on weaponry now function
  after deconstructing in a spawn tube. [Repeater](../weapons/Repeater.md)
  refire rate improves and a little bit tighter on cone of fire bloom. Flak
  weapons ([Skyguard](../vehicles/Skyguard.md) and
  [Bursters](../armor/Burster.md)) no loger detonate on contact with the ground
  causing radius splash damage.
- The flak projectile will only detonate in the proximity to air vehicles or at
  the end of it's lifespan. Skyguard's ammo load out has been improved with
  significantly more flak ammunition.
- Capturing [Core Combat](../items/Core_Combat.md) Cavern zones will now grant
  Battle or Command [experience](../terminology/Experience.md).
- Increased [SOI](../locations/Sphere_of_Influence.md) of Core Combat bases by
  50% to cover a larger area of possible combat to count toward base hack exp.
- Increased Buggy and Tank maximum speeds . [Prowler](../vehicles/Prowler.md) -
  57 [Vanguard](../vehicles/Vanguard.md) - 60
  [Magrider](../vehicles/Magrider.md) -65 [Marauder](../vehicles/Marauder.md) -
  80 [Enforcer](../vehicles/Enforcer.md) - 80
  [Thresher](../vehicles/Thresher.md) - 85 [Harasser](../vehicles/Harasser.md) -
  85 Removed the [Technology Plant](../locations/Technology_Plant.md)
  requirement for the [Router](../vehicles/Router.md) and
  [Sunderer](../vehicles/Sunderer.md). Increased the Sunderer's armor by 10%.
  Decreased the Flail's rate of fire. Decreased Flail armor. Slightly increased
  the refire rate of the [TR](../factions/Terran_Republic.md)
  [Pounder](../armor/Pounder.md) and [Dual Cycler](../armor/Dual-Cycler.md)
  [MAX](../armor/Mechanized_Assault_Exo-Suit.md) armor when locked down The
  Lightning and Skyguard's 12mm machinegun cone of fire and recoil have been
  adjusted to make it much more accurate. Increased the Lightning's armor.
- Telefragging (killing another soldier by running into a Cavern or Router
  telepad while another player is standing on the destination) will only occur
  against enemy soldiers.
- Moved "Toggle Chat" and "Toggle Radar" buttons from Hud Items (status bar with
  health, shortcuts, etc) to Hud Management (button bar with other toggle
  buttons like Inventory, Character, etc).
- [Vehicles](../vehicles/index.md)' access permissions can now be controlled
  for each type of mount point (Driver, Gunner, Passenger, Trunk).
- [Galaxy](../vehicles/Galaxy.md) and [Lodestar](../vehicles/Lodestar.md) cargo
  use the passenger access setting. Repair Silos and
  [BFR Sheds](../items/BFR_Shed.md) are now present in
  [Sanctuary](../locations/Sanctuary.md) and Virtual Training.
- Vehicle deconstruction distance from vehicle pads has been reduced to make it
  less aggressive.
- Vehicle deconstruction times have been increased to 30 seconds of warning.
- [Zipline](../items/Zipline.md) nodes now have a 30 second vehicle deconstruct
  timer.
- Fixed a client crash bug related to cloaking and equipping weapons.
- Players can now see enemy names during heavy firefights.
