Live Version 3.1.2 (November 23, 2004)

- Implemented the Global Warp Queuing system, which gives players information
  that they can use to decide whether to continue trying to enter a continent or
  move on to another.
- Implemented Joystick Support.
- Vehicle Experience Sharing is now live, allowing unsquadded drivers and
  gunners to share the rewards for each kill that the
  [vehicle](../vehicles/Vehicle.md) crew makes.
  [Experience](../etc/Experience.md) gained by gunners of a vehicle will split
  out to the driver and other gunners of the vehicle equally, just like they
  were in a squad, but without the 20% [Squad](../terminology/Squad.md) EXP
  bonus. The vehicle's occupants can organize into a squad to bring in the
  bonus! Passengers will not receive any experience.
- Players will be able to unlearn
  [Certifications](../certifications/Certification.md) that are pre-requisites
  for other Certs. When a player does this, that Cert and all dependent
  certifications will be unlearned, freeing up those certification points so
  they can be spent immediately. This change will give players many more options
  for changing their character's build over shorter periods of time.
- When a player attempts to bail from a heavily damaged air vehicle, there will
  be a chance that the bail malfunctions. The chance of malfunction will not
  activate until a certain threshold of damage is reached. As the craft takes
  more damage, there will be a greater chance of malfunction. Malfunctions will
  affect [Galaxy](../vehicles/Galaxy.md) pilots and gunners but not passengers.
- Passengers and Gunners will be able to bail from vehicles moving at any speed,
  without making the vehicle slow down.
- Passengers and gunners will always be able to bail from ground vehicles.
  Malfunctions will only occur with flight vehicles.
- [Flail](../vehicles/Flail.md) damage has been changed. The flail projectile
  will do less damage at short ranges, and do more damage as the projectile
  travels further.
- Players who destroy enemy vehicles will not accrue grief for friendlies
  damaged in the explosion. The [Nano Dispenser](../weapons/Nano_Dispenser.md),
  [BANK](../weapons/Body_Armor_Nano_Kit.md), and
  [Medical Applicator](../weapons/Medical_Applicator.md) will be usable when a
  character has weapons locked from Grief. This will allow players working their
  way through a Grief Lock to still contribute to their Empire through support
  activities.
- Fixed an issue where if the [BFR](../vehicles/BattleFrame_Robotics.md) servos
  were damaged while a BFR was crouched, it would retrigger the crouch
  animations.
- Slightly tightened the [Cone of Fire](../terminology/Cone_of_fire.md) of the
  [Peregrine](../vehicles/Peregrine.md) Dual Rocket Pod Gunner weapon. Fixed an
  issue that would cause BFR's to get stuck under bridges.
- The /[ignore](../terminology/Ignore.md) command will properly ignore global
  broadcasts.
- Players will be limited to deploying 20
  [Boomers](../weapons/Adaptive_Construction_Engine.md#Boomer) at a time.
- The [Punisher](../weapons/Punisher.md) will be able to fire three shots before
  its [Cone of Fire](../terminology/Cone_of_fire.md) begins to bloom.
- Substantially increased the [Sunderer](../vehicles/Sunderer.md)'s armor.
