Released December 13, 2005

## Update Highlights

- **Tactical Overlay**: The [Tactical
  Overlay](../terminology/Tactical_Overlay.md) is a grid of colored blocks on
  the continent map that can be used to monitor friendly troop
  deployment, detect enemy forces, and visualize the flow of battle.
  All players have access to this tactical data, regardless of battle
  or command rank.
  - New command added: To view the tactical data, click on the
    Tactical toggle on the continent map, or press the A key.

<!-- -->

- **Head Gear Enhancements**: adding glasses and communication device
  options.
  - New commands added:
    - /shades command to toggle sunglasses! ([Battle
      Rank](../terminology/Battle_Rank.md) 24 required and must not have
      helmet shown)
    - /earpiece command to toggle tactical head set! (Battle Rank
      24 required and must not have helmet shown)

<!-- -->

- **Holiday Features**: Santa Hats, present box corpse graphics, and
  lights in the trees on arctic continents.
  - New command added: /humbug command added for those not wanting
    to see the new santa hats or present boxes.

## Vehicle Improvements

- **Vehicle Timer Reduction** - Reduced Purchase Timers from 6 to 2
  minutes for the [Basilisk](../vehicles/Basilisk.md),
  [Wraith](../vehicles/Wraith.md), [Marauder](../vehicles/Marauder.md),
  [Harasser](../vehicles/Harasser.md), [Enforcer](../vehicles/Enforcer.md),
  and [Thresher](../vehicles/Thresher.md).
- **Increased Armor** - Increased armor on the
  [Fury](../vehicles/Fury.md), Basilisk and Wraith
- **Critical Health Changes** - Changed the critical health value for
  all ground [vehicles](../vehicles/Vehicle.md). This changes an affect
  where the vehicle would be rendered useless when it has just a few
  health points left forcing the player to eject. This now allows the
  player to either eject or try to limp away from the battle. Choice
  will be to the player.
- **Improvements on Braking, Steering, Acceleration** - Harasser,
  [Skyguard](../items/Skyguard.md), Marauder, Enforcer, Wraith,
  Basilisk, and Fury

## Incentive changes

- **Eliminated health and negative XP incentives**
- **Added spawn and acquire incentives**:
  - Spawn incentives reduce spawn time from anywhere, including
    [Towers](../Tower.md) and [AMSes](../vehicles/Advanced_Mobile_Station.md).
  - Acquire incentives reduce acquire timers for
    [vehicles](../vehicles/Vehicle.md) and [MAXes](../items/Mechanized_Assault_Exo-Suit.md).

## Plasma Stacking Limit changes

- The amount of aggravated damage queued on an object is capped to a
  limit settable per Weapon type. Damage past this cap is ignored.
  - Currently, [Plasma Grenades](plasma_grenade.md) are the
    only limited Weapons.

## Project Rabbit changes

- Rabbit carrier will no longer take grief when hit by friendly
  vehicles.
- It will now say why the Rabbit ball has been reset in the chat
  window when it resets.

## New Player Improvements

- **Added default certificates**:
  - [Medium Assault](../certifications/Medium_Assault.md)
  - [Reinforced Exo-Suit](../armor/Reinforced_Exo-Suit.md)
  - [Armored Assault I](../certifications/Armored_Assault_I.md)

<!-- -->

- **Added 2 starter favorites:**
  - Light Assault
  - Heavy Assault

<!-- -->

- Added a [Certification](../certifications/Certification.md) forget penalty
  grace period for 7 days for new characters. Once the grace period
  has ended, the forget period is the normal 6 hours.

## Miscellaneous changes

- **[Certification](../certifications/Certification.md) Timer changes**: Reduced
  the Certification Timer from 24 to 6 hours.
- **[Equipment Terminal](../items/Equipment_Terminal.md)** - We've made
  some adjustments and added in some extra logging to pinpoint
  Terminal issues. If you continue to experience the problem with the
  Equipment Terminal, use the [/bug
  command](../commands/In-Game_Commands.md#Other_Commands) in game to
  report it in detail.

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md)
