Version 3.12.20 (Thursday May 31st 2007)

[Combat Engineering](../certifications/Combat_Engineering.md) has undergone a
few more changes since
[Advanced Engineering](../certifications/Advanced_Engineering.md) was
introduced. This update should make deployables easier to manage and speed up
gameplay. Check out what's new:

- Equipment that you deploy yourself will be a different color from other
  friendly deployables on both the field and overhead map. This color can be
  changed in your options menu and should make identifying your deployables
  quite a bit easier!
- Double-clicking on any deployable you own on the overhead map will open a
  prompt asking if you want to [deconstruct](../terminology/Deconstruct.md) that
  deployable. No more misplacing a
  [TRAP](../weapons/Tactical_Resonance_Area_Protection.md) and sitting there
  shooting it until it's destroyed! Now you can choose which deployable will
  deconstruct and when!
- If you leave a planet and don't come back within 60 minutes, all your
  deployables on that zone will deconstruct (This includes staying offline for
  over 60 minutes). This will hopefully keep deployables near the fighting and
  keep other areas relatively clean.
- If you deploy some equipment with one character and then switch to a different
  character, your old deployables will instantly deconstruct. This should
  eliminate an exploit where a player could lay down CE then switch characters,
  benefitting from the CE without having to acquire any engineering
  certifications.
- We've also made one slight change to the [Sunderer](../vehicles/Sunderer.md)
  variants: they can now be transported in [Lodestars](../vehicles/Lodestar.md).
  Watch for falling base crashers!
