Version 3.12.28 (Tuesday July 31, 2007)

**An excerpt from a [New Conglomerate](../terminology/New_Conglomerate.md) intelligence
report:**

"...our infiltrators have returned from [Forseral](../locations/Forseral.md).
They managed to steal blueprints from the
[Terran Republic](../terminology/Terran_Republic.md). We don't know how the TR were able
to design it, but it looks as if they are developing a method to cloak a flying
transport vehicle. With the amount of energy required to keep a craft airborne,
we thought it physically impossible to bend light enough to cloak it as well,
but with these designs...it might work. The TR are calling it the
"[Phantasm](../vehicles/Phantasm.md)".

Also among these blueprints is another design...it looks similar to the
[Galaxy](../vehicles/Galaxy.md), and yet somehow different. It's more like a
giant battleship than a transport craft. In the hands of the TR, this kind of
firepower could be devastating. I do not doubt that the VS spies have also taken
advantage of the recent leak in TR security; they probably have the designs as
well. We must begin training our soldiers to use this equipment as soon as
possible. Our engineers have already started production...we must finish before
the opposing factions are able to use them against us.

The strangest thing about all of this is the fact that these blueprints were in
TR possession. I would expect something like this from the
[Vanu Sovereignty](../terminology/Vanu_Sovereignty.md), but the Terran Republic are
narrow-minded fools that only think of suppression using our current technology.
Also strange are these symbols found all over the blueprints; they are like
nothing I've ever seen before. Shaped like 3 curved blades around a central hub
with cyan coloring...what could it mean..."

**Taken from a Vanu Sovereignty science report, only one day later:**

"...don't understand. The entire lattice has shifted. Our home worlds,
[Esamir](../locations/Esamir.md) and [Amerish](../locations/Amerish.md), are
gone, lost to the heathens that call themselves the New Conglomerate. And we
find our own sanctuary linked to the homelands of our Terran repressors,
[Forseral](../locations/Forseral.md) and [Ceryshen](../locations/Ceryshen.md).
We can only logically assume they have taken control of the former NC
territories [Solsar](../locations/Solsar.md) and
[Hossin](../locations/Hossin.md).

This change in the lattice can sometimes be observed as a natural phenomenon of
[Auraxis](../locations/Auraxis.md). The Auraxian system clearly has a mind of
its own and has been known to shift before, but somehow...it is different this
time. The readings are not the same. Information from our stellar cartography
department shows that this time there has been some form of external tampering
with the lattice!

We believed ourselves to be the most technologically advanced of the three
factions, but after we were given the documents for these new flying
aircraft...we must concede that there may be a faction with an even greater
understanding than ours...but the Terran Republic? It is hard to believe. We
have ruled out that they are capable of such a change, so it must be something
else. Could this be related to the symbols on the blueprints? More research
needs to be done.

Regardless, the fact remains that we now stand on unfamiliar ground. We can be
reasonably sure that this is not the end of these strange occurrences. Something
is coming. I can feel it..."

The Terran Republic technical reports are stating that the Phantasm and Gunship
[certifications](../certifications/Certification.md) can be purchased at local
[certification terminals](../items/Certification_Terminal.md) however both
[vehicles](../vehicles/Vehicle.md) are currently being manufactured and there
it’s been found that some of the supply has gone unaccounted for. As of this
report the supply will not meet demands but we have word that the vehicles will
available for acquisition within the next week.

In addition, the [Home Continents](../locations/Home_Continent.md) have changed.

The new Home Continents are:

- [New Conglomerate](../terminology/New_Conglomerate.md):
  [Esamir](../locations/Esamir.md) & [Amerish](../locations/Amerish.md)
- [Terran Republic](../terminology/Terran_Republic.md): [Solsar](../locations/Solsar.md)
  & [Hossin](../locations/Hossin.md)
- [Vanu Sovereignty](../terminology/Vanu_Sovereignty.md):
  [Ceryshen](../locations/Ceryshen.md) & [Forseral](../locations/Forseral.md)
