Version 3.12.29 (Friday August 10, 2007)

All [empires](Empire.md) have finished production of the
[Phantasm](../Phantasm.md) and [Galaxy
Gunship](../Galaxy_Gunship.md), and are now available to anyone
with the corresponding [certifications](Certifications.md).
Here's a few details about each.

Phantasm

- The Phantasm is a flying transport vehicle that can carry a pilot
  and up to four passengers.
- The pilot controls a small 12mm chaingun.
- The pilot has access to a cloaking mechanism that will make the
  Phantasm virtually invisible.
- While cloaked, the Phantasm will be undetectable by all radar
  systems. However, firing its weapon or moving at high speeds may
  compromise its stealth.
- The Phantasm is only available at bases with a link to a Tech Plant
  (or at your [sanctuary](Sanctuary.md)).

Galaxy Gunship

- The Galaxy Gunship is a large craft similar to the Galaxy.
- It carries a pilot and 5 gunners.
- The wing guns and tail gun are rotary 35mm chainguns, and the two
  front [Ground Pounders](../Ground_Pounder.md) fire explosive
  mortar cartridges (similar to the [Marauder](../Marauder.md)).
- The gunship is only available at [Dropship
  Centers](../Dropship_Center.md) (or at your sanctuary).

There have also been some sightings of soldiers clad in green armor, but
they seem to be in hiding as there have been no recent reports of any
activity. The objectives of these men are unclear, but they appear to be
hostile towards all empires and should be considered extremely
dangerous. If you see one, shoot to kill.

Bug Fixes

- Blackouts and flickering lights in the bases should no longer occur
- An exploit/bug has been fixed where a door would stay open if a
  player stood directly above or beneath it, even if they were several
  floors down.
- A bug that would occur in laggy situations where the first person
  arms would detach from the camera has been fixed (this was
  especially true with the Spiker and grenades)
- A bug that would occur while hotswapping and equipping weapons
  quickly in third person where the first person arms would not show
  and the first bullet fired would miss has been fixed.
- [Spawn tube](Spawn_tube.md) doors, [AMP
  Station](../Amp_Station.md) CC doors, and big Dropship Center
  door at the ramp that leads to the Dropship terminal should all open
  and close more reliably
- The bug with the [equipment terminal](equipment_terminal.md)
  not allowing users to acquire weapons, etc. should occur much less
  often, if at all.
- The first time event text for the CUD has been updated to reflect
  when you actually receive the “Reveal Enemies” ability
- Now when a [TR](../TR.md) [MAX](../MAX.md) locks down in
  front of a friendly spawn tube, its physics are disabled for
  friendly players. If the avatar or spawn tube is an enemy, the MAX
  will still block them. (prevents TR Max from griefing near tubes)
- First time event notifications can now be closed while viewing the
  overhead map
- A bug with the [ACE](../ACE.md) that would allow normal Combet
  Engineers to deploy Advanced CE if they got the ACE from an Advanced
  Engineer has been fixed (this also occasionally caused server
  crashes).

[Category: Patches](Category:_Patches.md)
