Version 3.12.04 (March 21st, 2007)

**Highlights**

- [Combat Engineers](../certifications/Combat_Engineering.md) all across Auraxis
  can choose to certify in
  [Fortification](../certifications/Fortification_Engineering.md),
  [Assault](../certifications/Assault_Engineering.md), or
  [Advanced Engineering](../certifications/Advanced_Engineering.md) to unleash a
  deadly new arsenal of [weaponry](../weapons/Weapon.md) upon their enemies!

**Certifications**

- Combat Engineers can now certify in Fortification, Assault, or Advanced
  Engineering.

Fortification Engineering is a defensive minded certification for Combat
Engineers while Assault Engineering focuses on offense. Advanced engineering is
an all in one [certification](../certifications/Certification.md) that includes
both Fortification and Assault Engineering!

**Weapons**

- The [FDU](../weapons/Field_Deployment_Unit.md) can now generate the following
  weaponry if properly certified.
  - [Aegis Shield Generator](../weapons/Aegis_Shield_Generator.md)
  - [One-Manned Field Turrets](../weapons/One-Manned_Field_Turret.md)
  - [Tactical Resonance Area Protection](../weapons/Tactical_Resonance_Area_Protection.md)
    (TRAP)

<!-- -->

- An [ACE](../weapons/Adaptive_Construction_Engine.md) can now generate the
  following weaponry if properly certified.
  - [Shadow Turret](../weapons/Shadow_Turret.md)
  - [Cerberus Turret](../weapons/Cerberus_Turret.md)
  - [Disruptor Mine](../weapons/Disruptor_Mine.md)

<!-- -->

- The [Upgrade Canister](../items/Upgrade_Canister.md) can now generate the
  following weaponry if properly certified.
  - [Wall Turret](../items/Phalanx.md) AV upgrade
  - Wall Turret AA upgrade

**Fortification Engineer**

- Fortification Engineering requires
  [Engineering](../certifications/Engineering.md) and
  [Combat Engineering](../certifications/Combat_Engineering.md) as a
  pre-requisite. Fortification Engineering costs 3 Certification points.
- In addition to the Engineering and Combat Engineering abilities a
  Fortification Engineers can deploy Shadow and Cerberus turrets, TRAPS, Upgrade
  Wall Turrets using the Upgrade Canister, and upgrade the Aegis Shield
  Generator.
- Fortification Engineers can now use up to 15
  [Spitfire Turrets](#Spitfire_Turret)!
- Shadow and Cerberus Turrets count towards the 15 Spitfire Turret cap and are
  limited to a maximum of 5 total (not each).
- Fortification Engineers can deploy use up to 25 Mines!
- A certified Fortification Engineer can now deploy 25
  [Motion Sensors](../weapons/Adaptive_Construction_Engine.md#motion-sensor-alarm)!

**Assault Engineer**

- Assault Engineering requires Engineering and Combat Engineering as a
  pre-requisite. Assault Engineering costs 3 Certification points.
- In addition to the Engineering and Combat Engineering abilities an Assault
  Engineer can deploy an Aegis shield, One Manned Field Turrets, Disrupter
  Mines, and upgrade the Aegis Shield Generator!
- Assault Engineers can now deploy standard Spitfire Turrets within an Enemy
  [SOI](../locations/Sphere_of_Influence.md)!

**Advanced Engineer**

- Advanced Engineering requires Engineering and Combat Engineering as a
  pre-requisite. Advanced Engineering costs 5 Certification points.
- In addition to the Engineering and Combat Engineering abilities an Advanced
  Engineer gains the abilities of an Assault and Fortification Engineer. This
  would be your all in one cert!

**ACE**

- In order to deploy the new Spitfire deployables, Fortification Engineers can
  now switch ammo type using the "X" button.
- In order to deploy the new Mine deployables, Assault Engineers can now switch
  ammo type using the "X" button.

**Aegis Shield Generator**

- Aegis Shield generators can be upgraded using the
  [Nano Dispenser](../weapons/Nano_Dispenser.md) only if the Aegis Shield
  Generator is at full [health](../terminology/Health.md).

**One Manned Field Turrets**

- [Terran Republic](../factions/Terran_Republic.md) soldiers can now deploy the
  [Avenger](../weapons/Avenger.md) Field Turret to unleash a brutal stream of
  chaingun fire!
- [New Conglomerate](../factions/New_Conglomerate.md) soldiers can now deploy the
  [Osprey](../weapons/Osprey.md) Field Turret to obliterate any enemies in it's
  sights!
- [Vanu Sovereignty](../factions/Vanu_Sovereignty.md) soldiers can now deploy the
  [Orion](../weapons/Orion.md) Field Turret which fires deadly energy particles
  at it's enemies!

**Upgrade Canisters**

- Using a Nano Dispenser, Fortification Engineers can use the "X" button to
  switch to the Upgrade Canister cartridge. Turrets need to be fairly healthy in
  order to upgrade them so be sure to fix them up before attempting an upgrade!

**Merits**

- Field turret kills should count towards the
  [Turret Gunner](../merits/Turret_Gunner.md)
  [merit](../merits/index.md). These are
  [Empire](../terminology/Empire.md) specific merits!
- All 3 spitfire variants count towards \[\[Tiny_Robotics\]\_Suppotr\|Tiny
  Robotics\] Suppotr\]\] merit.
- [Cerberus Turrets](../weapons/Cerberus_Turret.md) and AA Wall Turret upgrade
  kills count towards your [Air Defender](../merits/Air_Defender.md) merits!
- New deployables count towards
  [Engineering](<../merits/Engineering_(Merit).md>) and
  [Equipment Support](../merits/Equipment_Support.md) merits!

**Spawn Tubes**

- An issue that allowed [Spawn Tubes](../items/Respawn_Tube.md) to be taken down
  with a single [Boomer](#Boomer) has been resolved.

**UI**

- The CE HUD has changed to accommodate the new deployables. There are now 3
  states which can be toggled with Alt + E.
  - Hidden
  - Combat Engineering
  - Advanced Engineering
