Patch 3.13.5 (October 30, 2007)

**Features**

- Smashing pumpkins! Well, not really but if you happen to squeeze a few rounds
  off into your opponent and bring him down, you will be treated with
  Jack-O-Lantern corpses instead of the same old backpacks. Jack-O-Lantern
  corpses are empire specific, they have distinguishable glowing eyes, smoke
  exudes from their rotten core and the smell reminds us of last year’s left
  over candy in the back of the cupboard that you intend to pass off as this
  years candy treat. Or should we call that a trick?
  - Did you know that Jack-O-Lanterns originated in Ireland? People used to
    hallow out turnips and place candles inside to keep spirits and ghosts away.
    Because of the great potato famine in the mid 1800s, turnips weren’t as
    readily available so they used pumpkins as a replacement.
- Have you ever been hit by a flying pumpkin? Have you been the target of
  childish Halloween pranks? Has your home been hit with flying candy or flaming
  skulls? Have you danced with the devil in the pale moon light? Woops, wrong
  direction…. Well, now is your chance! Many projectiles have been replaced with
  Pumpkins, Candy Corn and Skulls!
  - Did you know that the signs of a werewolf are having a uni-brow, hairy
    palms, tattoos and a long middle finger? Reminds you of good ole uncle
    Chester, doesn’t it?
- Like every eerie Halloween, the weather is taking a turn for the worse. In
  many of the continents and sanctuaries, the skies have become cloudy and
  discolored. Be aware, visibility may be a factor.
  - Speaking of color, did you know that orange and black are Halloween colors
    because orange is associated with the Fall harvest and black is associated
    with darkness and death. ….and Green resembles the color of your face after
    eating candy all night!
- [Darklight](../implants/Darklight.md) Vision has a whole new look this festive
  season. Instead of green with purple fog, you’ll now see ghosts through red on
  top of red fog.
  - Did you know that the checking account number at the bank for Rita Miller in
    the movie, Ghost is 92631043?
- Someone replaced the curtains in [spawn tubes](../items/Respawn_Tube.md)! So we’ve
  replaced them with something more befitting this time of year: Coffin doors
  with a picture of someone that must have led a bad life while on
  [Auraxis](../locations/Auraxis.md).
  - Apparently Janet Leigh from the shower scene in Psycho has not taken a
    shower since first watching the movie… She feels a bit safer taking a bath.
- [The Chainblade Massacre](../etc/The_Chainblade_Massacre.md) is back! All
  players will be able to use Cloaking
  [Infiltration Suits](../armor/Infiltration_Suit.md) without need of the
  [certification](../certifications/Certification.md) on
  [Desolation](../locations/Oshur.md#Desolation) (this is our version of
  ghosts).
  - In a true manner of Halloween, players will only be allowed to use a Knife
    to kill other players.
  - Players are urged to get proper [Implants](../implants/Implants.md) before entering
    the zone such as [Darklight](../implants/Darklight.md) in order to see all
    apparitions.
  - The zone has limited [vehicles](../vehicles/Vehicle.md).
  - New change is that Knives’ secondary mode will now damage vehicles and
    equipment. This damage should slightly increase with
    [Melee Booster](../implants/Melee_Booster.md) implants.
  - Oh, and don’t worry about damage from vehicles trying to mow you over. That
    has been changed. Nor should you worry about damage from an exploding
    vehicle. Consider yourself in a zombie state under these circumstances.
  - If a base is drained of its resources, hang tight as they will be
    replenished almost immediately.
  - The [Oshur](../locations/Oshur.md) lock benefit has been removed for the
    duration of this event. In addition, all base linked benefits have been
    removed for fairness (before, it was just interlinked)
  - Over 10% of pet owners dress their pets in Halloween costumes.

**Happy Halloween!**


