[Terran Republic](../terminology/Terran_Republic.md)
[MAX](../armor/Mechanized_Assault_Exo-Suit.md) Changes

- Terran maxes in addition to the lock-down ability, now have a secondary
  ability called Overdrive that is based on a max capacitor and that allows them
  to fire more quickly and fire more accurately while active
- This new Overdrive ability is an "all-or-nothing" activation. Once activated
  it can not be shut-off. It cannot be activated until the capacitor is fully
  charged. It will deactivate automatically when the capacitor is expended.
- The Overdrive ability is mutually exclusive to the lock-down ability and to
  the max auto-run ability. While Overdrive is active, the max cannot lock-down,
  nor can it auto-run. If the max is locked down or auto-running, Overdrive
  cannot be activated.
- A red shield effect displays around maxes that have Overdrive activated so
  that friend and foe know it is active.
- Terran [Burster](../armor/Burster.md) Max clip size is now set at 40.

Population [Incentives](../terminology/Incentives.md) Changes

- [Battle Experience](../terminology/Battle_Experience_Points.md) will be
  affected by world [empire](../terminology/Empire.md) population ratios
- Battle Experience will be affected by [zone](../terminology/Zone.md) empire
  population ratios
- [Respawn timers](../terminology/Respawn_timer.md) will be affected by zone
  empire population ratios
- Acquisition Timers will be affected by zone empire population ratios
- These are all benefits only, granted to under-populated empires, and no
  penalties are applied in any case to any empire.
