**Version 3.15.2 (February 28, 2008)**

Two new [certifications](../certifications/Certifications.md) have been
introduced to continue the hacking profession. An
[advanced hacker](../certifications/Advanced_Hacking.md) must choose whether he
wants to further increase his hacking potential with the
[REK](../weapons/Remote_Electronics_Kit.md) or move to the dark side of hacking
and install electronic viruses with the new [T-REK](../weapons/T-REK.md). For
the dedicated hacker, we have created the
[Electronics Expert](../certifications/Electronics_Expert.md) certification
which lets you have all hacking abilities at reduced cost. Here are a list of
new abilities:

[Expert Hacking](../certifications/Expert_Hacking.md)

- Hack and [jack](../terminology/Jack.md) faster than ever before!
- Jack occupied [vehicles](../vehicles/index.md), booting all passengers.
- Increase [pain field](../terminology/Pain_Field.md) damage in nearby
  [spawn rooms](../locations/Spawn_Room.md).
- Increase [generator](../items/Generator.md) pain field damage.
- Steal enemy [field turrets](../weapons/One-Manned_Field_Turret.md) instead of
  just deconstructing them.
- Upgrade the [Aegis Shield Generator](../weapons/Aegis_Shield_Generator.md)
  with enhanced radar abilities.
- Have increased [sensor shield](../implants/Sensor_Shield.md) protection while
  hacking.
- Remove [viruses](../terminology/Virus.md) from infected equipment.

[Data Corruption](../certifications/Data_Corruption.md)

- Access a new equippable support item, the T-REK!
- Infect vehicles' control systems, resulting in decreased speed and turn rate.
- Install a virus into a facility's [Main Terminal](../items/Main_Terminal.md)
  for a variety of effects:
  - Unlock all doors
  - Double [NTU](../items/NTU.md) resource drain
  - Access all [Equipment Terminals](../items/Equipment_Terminal.md)
  - Disable enemy radar
  - Disable linked benefits
- Infect [Wall Turrets](../items/Phalanx.md) and
  [Spitfires](../weapons/Adaptive_Construction_Engine.md#spitfire-turret) so
  they will attack their own [empire](../terminology/Empire.md).
- Infect
  [Motion Sensors](../weapons/Adaptive_Construction_Engine.md#motion-sensor-alarm)
  so they will display friendly units as enemies on radar.
- Infect an Aegis Shield Generator to emit a pain field that damages friendly
  units.

When a facility's Main Terminal is infected, the virus will immediately take
effect. However, aside from noticing the effects of the virus, other empires
will not be able to discern the type of virus installed, and won't be directly
notified that the virus exists for a short time after installation.

Also introducing a new deployable object, the
[Sensor Disruptor](../items/Sensor_Disruptor.md):

- Usable by certing
  [Combat Engineering](../certifications/Combat_Engineering.md) and
  [Advanced Hacking](../certifications/Advanced_Hacking.md).
- Alternate use of the Motion Sensor firemode; use the change ammo key to access
  the Sensor Disruptor.
- Completely masks nearby friendly units from enemy radar, even when detected by
  sensors.
- Can be deployed in any [SOI](../locations/Sphere_of_Influence.md), but only
  outside and not too close to a building.
- Shares deployable limit with Motion Sensors.

Miscellaneous other changes:

- Color of REK beam and hacking support icon will change depending on the
  hacker's certification.
- A different message will now be displayed when a [Wasp](../vehicles/Wasp.md)
  has a missile lock on your vehicle.
