Version 3.2.12 (January 19, 2005)

- [Battle Rank](../terminology/Battle_Rank.md) 23 Extension Players are now able
  to advance to Battle Rank 23. We are also implementing the following
  adjustment to help with the new range of advancement.

<!-- -->

- Recertification To facilitate existing characters restructuring their
  character build with these changes and to prepare for their continued
  advancement, we will be clearing everyone's certifications with this update.

<!-- -->

- More 1 cert options: In order to facilitate easier travel, especially while
  wearing [Reinforced Exo-Suit](../armor/Reinforced_Exo-Suit.md), we are making
  the [ATV](../vehicles/ATV.md) and [Harasser](../vehicles/Harasser.md)
  certifications 1 point.

<!-- -->

- ATV from 2 to 1 cert point. Harasser from 2 to 1 cert point. Adjusting Up
  Combo Certs: In an effort to control "one man army" character builds, who can
  do it all, from happening with the new certification alignment, we are bumping
  up Uni-MAX, [BFR](../vehicles/BattleFrame_Robotics.md) and
  [Air Cavalry](../terminology/Air_Cavalry.md).

<!-- -->

- BFR will move from 3 to 4 cert points. Uni-MAX combo cert moves from 5 to 6
  cert points. Air Cavalry combo cert moves from 4 to 5 cert points.

Other Updates

- Slightly increased the [Mosquito](../vehicles/Mosquito.md),
  [Harasser](../vehicles/Harasser.md) and [Marauder](../vehicles/Marauder.md)'s
  12 mm [Cone of Fire](../terminology/Cone_of_fire.md) to match that of the
  [Lightning](../vehicles/Lightning.md) and [Skyguard](../vehicles/Skyguard.md).
- Adjusted [BFR](../vehicles/BattleFrame_Robotics.md) Flight Variant flight
  movement capabilities: Slightly reduced flight capacitor recharge rate
- Moderately reduced flight pack lift per unit of capacitor used.
- Slightly increased effectiveness of strafing flight jets Slightly increased
  the batter down timer of the Flight Variant's shield once it is beat all the
  way down
- Substantially increased the [Switchblade](../items/Switchblade.md)'s armor.
  Adjusted the movement characteristics of the Switchblade to better handle
  hills and rough terrain.
- Moderately improved the starting cone of fire and bloom of the cone of fire of
  the Switchblade's Scythe weapon.
- Increased Ancient ammo (used by the [Radiator](../weapons/Radiator.md) and
  [Spiker](../weapons/Spiker.md)) to 30 in a box.
- Moderately reduced the [Fury](../vehicles/Fury.md)'s Hellfire rocket damage
  against [MAX](../items/Mechanized_Assault_Exo-Suit.md) armor.

<!--[category:Patches](category:Patches.md)-->
