Live Version 3.3.7 (January 28, 2005)

Features [Merit Commendations](../merits/index.md) are currently
on the live servers. Check out the full list In Game.

Gameplay

- [ANTs](../vehicles/Advanced_Nanite_Transport.md)
  - The ANT can now be [deployed](../terminology/Deploy.md) from inside the
    [vehicle](../vehicles/index.md).
  - The ANT will be able to restore a neutral, unhacked
    [facility](../locations/Facilities.md).
  - ANTs will no longer undeploy if a neutral facility it is refilling is hacked
    by another empire.
  - Destroyed ANTs will no longer be able to continue refilling the
    [NTU Silo](../locations/NTU_Silo.md).
- [BFR](../vehicles/BattleFrame_Robotics.md)'s
  - The [VS](../terminology/Vanu_Sovereignty.md) BFR laser will have
    [Damage Degradation](../terminology/Damage_Degradation.md).
  - The VS BFR Laser weapon changed to 175m range.
  - Corrected issue leading to the VS BFR's Laser's not displaying past 70m
    range.
  - Corrected an issue where the Flight variant capacitor recharge rate was
    different when walking versus flying
  - Changed the BFR shield "flash" display to not play continuously at some
    damage levels.
  - Slightly adjusted [Medium Battle Tank](../items/Medium_Battle_Tank.md)
    damage vs. BFR's
  - Slightly increased BFR Pilot AV weapons against non BFR vehicles.
  - Reduced the max range of the [TR](../terminology/Terran_Republic.md) BFR Chaingun
    weapon to 250 and slightly increased the effect of
    [Damage Degradation](../terminology/Damage_Degradation.md) over range.
  - Increased Flight BFR crouched regen rate to fill shields from full down to
    full up in 1 minute.
  - Changed BFR acquisition to 5 [Cavern](../locations/Caverns.md) captures and
    100 kills while in the caves.
- Other Vehicles
  - Set the [Fury](../vehicles/Fury.md) and all Assault Buggies to allow the
    driver to bail, regardless of speed. Other [ATVs](../vehicles/ATV.md)
    already had this property (exception: Switchblade - can't bail from
    [Ancient Tech](../terminology/Ancient_Technology.md)).
  - The [Galaxy](../vehicles/Galaxy.md) can now carry the
    [Switchblade](../items/Switchblade.md).
- When viewing the map, it will now show Commanders what edit mode they are in.

Fixes

- Statistics
  - The [Thunderer](../vehicles/Thunderer.md) is back on the statistics window.
  - Statistics for Terminals, [Generators](../items/Generator.md) and
    [Spawn Tubes](../items/Respawn_Tube.md) will update properly.
- Implants
  - Hitting ZOOM and ESC multiple times while using the
    [Range Magnifier](../implants/Range_Magnifier.md)
    [implant](../implants/index.md) will no longer cause
    [stamina](../terminology/Stamina.md) to drain forever.
  - Implants and Implant icons will update and activate reliably at all times.
    Previously, there were some circumstances that would not allow this.
- Corrected an issue that would allow players to enter an enemy
  [Sanctuary](../locations/Sanctuary.md).
- The [Infiltration Suit](../armor/Infiltration_Suit.md) no longer appears
  visible after exiting a [Switchblade](../items/Switchblade.md),
  [Ancient Sentry Turret](../items/Ancient_Sentry_Turret.md),
  [Flail](../vehicles/Flail.md) or [Router](../vehicles/Router.md).
- Keymappings will no longer change when a new patch is downloaded
- The map legend no longer shows a [monolith](../items/Monolith.md) icon for the
  [LLU](../terminology/Lattice_Logic_Unit.md).
- Previously, when a player having 120 health was revived, they would return
  with only 100 hit points. This issue is fixed.
- The [Skyguard](../vehicles/Skyguard.md)'s steering wheel no longer rotates
  along the wrong axis.
- Afterburn will no longer cause flight vehicles to appear to move erratically
  when seen by other players.
- Corrected an issue that could cause weapons fire after repairing vehicle.
- The [Vanguard](../vehicles/Vanguard.md) 20mm Sound effect will no longer
  continue even when the gunner is firing shells.
- The [Striker](../weapons/Striker.md) will no longer circle around turrets when
  fired at them in tracking mode.
- Unhacked [IFF Door Locks](../terminology/IFF.md) will no longer open for
  enemies.
- [Vehicles](../vehicles/index.md) will no longer deconstruct when parked
  under the air vehicle pads.
- Fixed an issue that would cause the [NTU Silo](../locations/NTU_Silo.md) to
  appear orange when it is filled.
- Fixed several crash to desktop issues.
- Fixed an issue where deployables could be placed directly next to each other.
