**Version 3.4.5 (February 22, 2005)**

## Features

- Implemented the new new Global [Lattice](../terminology/Lattice.md)
- Holding certain types and combinations of
  [continents](../locations/Continent.md) will now yield
  [Empire Benefits](../terminology/Empire_Benefit.md).
- Revised Broadcast [Warpgate](../locations/Warpgate.md) Functionality leads to
  new strategic opportunities to cut enemy broadcasting.
- Implemented the /[who](../commands/Who.md) cr command.
- [Certifications](../certifications/Certification.md) have been reset to
  accomodate the following changes:
  - [Air Cavalry](../terminology/Air_Cavalry.md) has been broken into a
    certification tree. Players may first purchase Air Cavalry: Scout (gaining
    access to the [Mosquito](../vehicles/Mosquito.md)) for three points and then
    Air Cavalry: Assault (gaining access to the [Reaver](../vehicles/Reaver.md))
    for an addition two.
  - [Light Scout](../certifications/Light_Scout.md) is now a five point
    certification consisting of [Harasser](../vehicles/Harasser.md),
    [Mosquito](../vehicles/Mosquito.md), [Skyguard](../vehicles/Skyguard.md) and
    Empire Specific
    [Assault Buggy](../certifications/Assault_Buggy_(Certification).md)

## Gameplay

- [BFR](../vehicles/BattleFrame_Robotics.md) acquisition now requires 75 kills
  in the caverns instead of 100
- Cloakers should be less visible at longer ranges.
- The [Liberator](../vehicles/Liberator.md) will be able to land easier on Air
  Pads.
- Empire Specific
  [Buggies](../certifications/Assault_Buggy_(Certification).md) gunner kills
  will now count toward the [Ground Gunner](../merits/Ground_Gunner.md)
  [Commendation](../merits/Merit_Commendations.md).
- Kills with the [Lightning](../vehicles/Lightning.md) gunner system will no
  longer count toward the [Ground Gunner](../merits/Ground_Gunner.md)
  [Merit](../merits/Merit_Commendations.md).
- [Ancient Sentry Turret](../items/Ancient_Sentry_Turret.md) kills should count
  toward the [Turret Gunner](../merits/Turret_Gunner.md)
  [Merit](../merits/Merit_Commendations.md).
- Killing a [BFR](../vehicles/BattleFrame_Robotics.md) will now count toward the
  [Tank Buster](../merits/Tank_Buster.md)
  [Commendation](../merits/Merit_Commendations.md).

## General

- The [Lasher](../weapons/Lasher.md) has a new effect which should reduce the
  framerate impact when facing that weapon (especially en masse).
- [Command Rank](../terminology/Command_Rank.md) attachments (Shinguards,
  Wristguards, Backpacks) will now no longer be drawn at distances as they will
  be culled by the Level Of Detail (LOD) system, which should improve framerates
  in heavy fighting situations.

## Fixes

- Players will not be able to use a [Drop Pod](../items/Drop_Pod.md) to land on
  top of a [Geowarp](../locations/Geowarp.md).
- Players will not be able to use [ATV](../vehicles/ATV.md) and
  [Buggies](../certifications/Assault_Buggy_(Certification).md) bail
  functionality to go through vehicle pad barriers.
- [ATV](../vehicles/ATV.md)'s will no longer float in mid-air after bailing from
  them.
- [Instant Action](../terminology/Instant_Action.md) will no longer be able to
  bypass population locks.
- Players will no longer be able to bypass population locks by logging in on a
  planet that is locked.
- [BANK](../weapons/Body_Armor_Nano_Kit.md)'s and
  [Medical Applicators](../weapons/Medical_Applicator.md) will work properly
  after using [Instant Action](../terminology/Instant_Action.md).
- [Repair Silos](../items/Repair_Rearm_Silo.md) will be able to repair
  [Ancient Tech](../terminology/Ancient_Technology.md) [vehicles](../vehicles/Vehicle.md) in
  [Sanctuary](../locations/Sanctuary.md).
- The [Router](../vehicles/Router.md) will be able to be repaired by a
  [Lodestar](../vehicles/Lodestar.md).
- [ACE](../weapons/Adaptive_Construction_Engine.md) Deployables can no longer be
  placed at the end of [Cavern](../locations/Caverns.md) [ziplines](../items/Zipline.md).
- It should no longer be possible for Enemies to be able to walk through a
  [Capitol](../locations/Capitol.md) [Force Dome](../items/Force_Dome.md).
- Pain fields will no longer work outside of the
  [Generator](../items/Generator.md) room if the door is closed.
- [Orbital Strikes](../commands/Orbital_Strike.md) should not be able to affect
  avatars inside of [Towers](../locations/Towers.md).
- The [Striker](../weapons/Striker.md) will now properly aim for
  [Deliverers](../vehicles/Deliverer.md) (and variants) at their center, thus
  causing them to do full damage when those [vehicles](../vehicles/Vehicle.md)
  are on water.
- The [Starfire](../armor/Starfire.md)'s Missile Lock will work properly after
  [HART](../terminology/HART.md) dropping.
- [Flail](../vehicles/Flail.md) projectiles will appear properly on other clients.
- Kill stats for the [Burster](../armor/Burster.md)
  [MAX](../armor/Mechanized_Assault_Exo-Suit.md) will update properly.
- [BFR](../vehicles/BattleFrame_Robotics.md) movement sound effects will no
  longer keep playing on other clients when viewing the map.
- BFR Gunner weapons should no longer become stuck after viewing the map.
- Enemy deployables will no longer interfere with friendly deployables.
- Fixed a crash issue related to using the
  [BFR](../vehicles/BattleFrame_Robotics.md) Terminal.
- Fixed a crash issue that occurred if the client has no user keymap on startup.


