Launched April 8, 2005.

### Features

Implemented [Squad Home Base](../terminology/Squad_Home_Base.md) functionality.
This great new feature is designed to help squads to stick together and
promote teamwork. Please click the link and read the full description
for all the details!

### [Sanctuary](../locations/Sanctuary.md) Respawn

To help squads stay together when recalling to the Sanctuary, soldiers
will spawn closest to the following, listed by priority: 1) [Platoon
Leader](../terminology/Platoon_Leader.md) 2) [Squad
Leader](../terminology/Squad_Leader.md) 3) largest group of
[Squad](../terminology/Squad.md) Members 4) largest group of
[Platoon](../terminology/Platoon.md) Members If none of the above apply, the
player will pick a spawn building at random.

### Game Play

- Friendlies will no longer be able to damage base generators or spawn
  tubes.
- Flight BFRs will now require a Tech Plant to be connected via the
  lattice to purchase.
- Empire Benefits: Locking both Enemy Home Planets will result in
  obtaining access to all of their Empire Specific vehicles, including
  BattleFrame Robotics units.
- Also, the Oshur Battle Islands, when locked, now confer the Dropship
  center benefit, while Cyssor will confer the 5% vehicle armor bonus.
- Lattice Change: All four "neutral" planets (Battle Islands,
  Ishundar, Cyssor and Searhus) will always now be connected to the
  Core Combat Caverns, with remaining links spread among the remaining
  "Home" Planets. This should make cavern control more important for
  obtaining Empire Benefits.

### General

- Sanctuary [HART buildings](../locations/HART_building.md) are now labeled
  A, B or C for easier reference.
- "Vehicle Stolen!" text will now appear in RED!
- The [Range Magnifier](../implants/Range_Magnifier.md) Implant is now
  toggle-able

### Fixes

- /comsu will now properly do continent all chat for appropriate level
  commanders in Supai
- [Driver Gunnery](../merits/Driver_Gunnery.md) Platinum will now
  properly count kills
- Fixed a vehicle problem with cargo in [galaxies](../vehicles/Galaxy.md)
  or [lodestars](../vehicles/Lodestar.md) when deconstructing.
- Fixed an issue that would cause the [Lodestar](../vehicles/Lodestar.md)
  to disappear earlier than other vehicles as it moves off into the
  distance.
- Corrected the Sound Environmental Level to disable when a sound
  provider was selected that did not support environmental audio.
- The pop up menu listing that defaults to the lower right will now
  properly save it's state. That way, it will be minimized if you had
  it minimized the last time you played.
- [Grenades](../weapons/Weapons_Index.md#Grenades) will now auto-reload
  more like other weapons
- Grenades in [Inventory](../terminology/Inventory.md) will now display how
  many are in their stack
- Corrected an issue where the first person HUD did not count stacked
  grenades correctly.
- Each Grenade will now properly be a clip of 3.
- Correcting an issue with alpha and the [Wraith](../vehicles/Wraith.md).
  This spun out to include some clean up on a number of systems
  dealing in how the game alphas things out (makes them go invisible)
  that should make them run better and be more consistent.
- Also fixed an issue that would cause an
  [infiltrator](../items/Infiltration_Suit.md) to decloak and then re-cloak
  when dismounting a [Wraith](../vehicles/Wraith.md) that was visible when
  first mounted.
- Addressed an issue that could cause the
  [Radiator](../weapons/Radiator.md) and
  [Maelstrom](../weapons/Maelstrom.md) to not damage enemies.
- [Hacking](</Hacking_(Certification)>) and [Advanced
  Hacking](../certifications/Advanced_Hacking.md)
  [certification](../certifications/Certification.md) descriptions now more
  accurately reflect those abilities.
- Tower names on the [Battle Islands](../locations/Battle_Islands.md) now
  reflect the names of [warpgates](../locations/Warpgate.md) they are near.
- Removed an incorrect green strip from the [Weapons Expert
  Citation](../merits/Weapons_Citation.md)
- Corrected an issue that could cause a Crash from repeating a \\#
  color code in chat.
- Fixed a zone crash that could occur in the process of disconnecting
  logging out players
- Corrected a infrequent world crash condition
- Corrected a world memory leak that could result in a crash
- Improved the server process when [Core
  Combat](../items/Core_Combat.md) caverns rotate to remove a
  noticeable, but short lived, slow down in server responsiveness when
  this happened.

New Memory Saving Low Resolution Sounds This version has support for low
resolution sound effects that will be available soon as an optional
download for those players who wish to use them.

[category:Patches](category:Patches.md)
