Version 3.8.9 (August 16 2005)

**Update Highlights**:

- Battle Rank Increase: [Battle Rank](../terminology/Battle_Rank.md) (BR) 24 and
  25 have been added. No new
  [certifications](../certifications/Certifications.md) or
  [implants](../implants/Implants.md) added for these ranks.
  - Reaching BR 24 grants the toggleable helm. The commands to use this new
    feature are /hide_helmet and /helmet.
  - Reaching BR 25 grants new armor graphics.
- Certificate Reallocation: BR 6, BR 12, and BR 18 no longer give certificate
  points. Instead these three cert points are given at BR1.
- [Heavy Scout Rifle](../weapons/Heavy_Scout_Rifle.md): The Heavy Scout Rifle is
  now available to soldiers with the [Sniping](../certifications/Sniping.md)
  certification.
- Training Missions: [Vehicle](../vehicles/Vehicle.md) Training Mission added
  and other training missions have been updated.
- Performance Enhancements: Some performance enhancements changes have been
  made.
- In Game Ads: An In Game advertisement system has been added through billboard
  style ads that are streamed by Massive Incorporated.
- EULA Updated: Please note the End User License Agreement (EULA) for Planetside
  has been updated. You can view the updated version during the log in process
  after Tuesday's Update or at
  [1](http://planetside.station.sony.com/policies/license_agreement.jsp).

**Other Highlights:**

- [Darklight Vision](../implants/Darklight_Vision.md) now costs 3
  [stamina](../terminology/Stamina.md) points to activate, in addition to the
  normal stamina drain while it is active.
- Third-person view now cancels Darklight Vision and vice-versa.
- In-game help has been updated and reorganized
- Added [vehicle](../vehicles/Vehicle.md) hit sound (replaces player grunts when
  taking damage in a vehicle).

**Equipment Changes:**

- [Boomers](../weapons/Adaptive_Construction_Engine.md#remote-detonated-charge-boomer)
  placed near [generators](../items/Generator.md), medical terminals, and
  [BFR](../vehicles/BattleFrame_Robotics.md) terminals,
  [certification terminals](../items/Certification_Terminal.md) will now do the
  correct amount of damage.
- Boomers placed outside [spawn tubes](../items/Respawn_Tube.md) will now do the
  correct amount of damage whether the door is opened or closed.
- Boomers placed inside spawn tubes will now do the correct amount of damage
  whether the door is opened or closed.
- The [Switchblade](../items/Switchblade.md) should no longer take an excessive
  amount of time to repair at a silo. This also affects the
  [Flail](../vehicles/Flail.md) and [Router](../vehicles/Router.md)!
- [MAX](../armor/Mechanized_Assault_Exo-Suit.md) Armor:
  [NC](../etc/New_Conglomerate.md) Max shield should now turn off when in
  [Galaxy](../vehicles/Galaxy.md).
- [Maelstrom](../weapons/Maelstrom.md): Maelstrom chain lash grenade splash can
  no longer go through ceilings and damage enemies above
- Maelstrom: Chain-Lash Grenade Mode: Should now cause the correct damage when
  it detonates on the middle part of base tunnel walls
- [Router](../vehicles/Router.md) [Telepads](../weapons/Telepad.md) should no
  longer appear as a Boomer in the overhead map
- The [Striker](../weapons/Striker.md) will no longer lock on to cloaked
  [AMSes](../vehicles/Advanced_Mobile_Station.md) while the wielder is outside
  the cloak bubble.

**UI Changes:**

- Deployables no longer display on overhead map if they are deleted while a
  player is respawning
- [Boomer](../weapons/Adaptive_Construction_Engine.md#Boomer) icon no longer
  remains on map after it has been detonated
- Users should now be able to see 'Global' and 'Command' messages while dead
- Achievements: Date should now sort correctly
- Players should no longer get stuck at training mission steps
  ([waypoint](../terminology/Waypoint.md), delay trigger)
- Mission Status window: Clicking on the help icon should now point to the
  correct help page
- Help: Offline Training is no longer listed in the help section
- [Empire Benefits](../terminology/Empire_Benefit.md) window is now resizable
- Statistics pane is now resizable
- Character Info: Training: Matrix Panel is no longer missing from the tasks
  list.
- First Time Help: [Cyssor](../locations/Cyssor.md),
  [Ishundar](../locations/Ishundar.md): [Capitols](../locations/Capitol.md) are
  no longer mentioned in the text

**Air Vehicle Changes:**

- [Galaxy](../vehicles/Galaxy.md), [Lodestar](../vehicles/Lodestar.md): Should
  now properly kick vehicles when cargo access changes.
- Repair animation on landing pads should now stop playing when fully healed
  when you have the Armor Bonus benefit

**Vehicle Changes:**

- [BFRs](../vehicles/BattleFrame_Robotics.md): Should now correctly become
  disabled when the Vehicle Status bar reaches 0
- Soldiers should now be able to deconstruct at an
  [AMS](../vehicles/Advanced_Mobile_Station.md) just hacked

**Miscellaneous Changes:**

- Avatars can no longer become invisible if they move too far from a vehicle pad
  before the vehicle is created
- The [Orbital Strike](../commands/Orbital_Strike.md)
  [waypoint](../terminology/Waypoint.md) should no longer remain visible after
  completion
- [Empires](../terminology/Empire.md) should no longer lose enemy
  [vehicle](../vehicles/Vehicle.md) benefits when capturing a base
- Location of Flight Vehicle projectiles should now update while dead
- [MAX](../armor/Mechanized_Assault_Exo-Suit.md) units should now show on the
  [Interlink Facility](../locations/Interlink.md) radar all the time, but manned
  turrets should only shoot them when they are in run mode in any case.
- You should no longer receive an "unknown error" message after adding a friend
  twice
- You should now be able to respawn at valid available bases
- [Amerish](../locations/Amerish.md): Warping to the
  [geowarp](../locations/Geowarp.md) will now place you at the correct location
- Soldiers can now correctly respawn at a base if spawn tubes get repaired while
  zoning
