**NOTOC** Version 3.9.5, released October 4, 2005.

### Looking for [Squad](../terminology/Squad.md) System Enhancements

To help [Squad Leaders](../terminology/Squad_Leader.md) advertise and manage
the roles of their squad and to help the Solo Soldier find active squads
looking for their skill set, we have upgraded the Looking for Squad
system.

- Squad Leaders can now describe their squad in a short, free form,
  text dialog, choose which zone they are planning to (or currently)
  fight on, define squad member positions and define certifications
  are required for that position., assign squad members to positions,
  view available soldiers who are flagged [LFS](../terminology/LFS.md) that
  meet the requirements of positions within their squad, and publish
  their squad to the master list of squads that are looking for squad
  members. The squad leaders can also save these squad set ups in a
  special bank of 10 favorites.
- Solo Soldiers looking for a squad can browse the master list of
  squads who are looking for members. They can view squad
  descriptions, who are in the squads currently, the individual role
  descriptions for available slots and the certification requirements
  for those slots (if any). The soldier can then, via the new
  interface, automatically join the squad if the squad is flagged as
  "auto join", send the squad leader a request to join or send a tell
  for more information.

### Project Rabbit

The [Rabbit](../terminology/Rabbit.md) gameplay promotes combat in open areas;
quite a difference from your normal gameplay. When the event starts, a
unique anomaly appears at a random location on a designated continent,
planet or Core Combat cavern. A message will be displayed in the chat
area announcing where.

The Rabbit Status Window will appear on the screen for all players while
they are on the zone that is hosting the Rabbit event. Score points for
your empire by carrying the Rabbit ball or gain bonus experience for
participating in battle. A point is scored every five seconds the ball
is held. The empire that reaches the point goal (shown on the Rabbit
status window) wins.

Controlling the Rabbit Ball for a significant amount of time will
ultimately result in a benefit being obtained for the Empire that does
so. These benefits can vary, but may include gaining uncontestable
control for the continent or cave where the event took place for a
period of time, access to enemy weapon or equipment, bonuses to
experience or other perks.

### Gameplay Changes

- [TR](../etc/Terran_Republic.md) [MAX](../items/Mechanized_Assault_Exo-Suit.md) Adjustments: Enabling the
  TR MAX units to shoot and defend themselves while anchoring down and
  disabling the anchor.
- [Surge](../implants/Surge.md) Implant: Added a Surge implant effect.
  This effect is not visible while the avatar is cloaking.

### Vehicle Changes

- The vehicle purchase terminal and [BFR](../vehicles/BattleFrame_Robotics.md) terminal now
  clear the queue when the terminal is destroyed.
- [Mosquito](../vehicles/Mosquito.md) should no longer deconstruct on the
  flight pad if another vehicle is acquired afterwards in the caverns.

### Equipment Changes

- Placing the [Gauss Cannon](../items/Gauss_Cannon.md) ammunition near
  any Repair/Rearm Silo should no longer break the Equipment Terminals
  of the base.
- Blocked knives from being saved to favorites, loaded from favorites,
  and swapped into holsters from inventory.

### First Time Help Changes

- Added first time help messages for [Battle
  Rank](../terminology/Battle_Rank.md) 21 and up.
- Removed false messages stating that experience gained due to
  first-time help events was affected by empire incentives.
- The first time help for [Drugaskan](../locations/Drugaskan.md) should now
  be accessible.

### Miscellaneous Changes

- Waypoints should now work correctly in the virtual reality training
  zones.
- The clear button within the locker should now work correctly.
- Switching a holstered [BANK](../weapons/Body_Armor_Nano_Kit.md) with another item
  should no longer cause it to appear sideways on the avatar.
- [Colossus](../vehicles/Colossus.md), [Peregrine](../items/Peregrine.md),
  and [Aphelion](../vehicles/Aphelion.md) will no longer appear twice in
  the kill stats display
- When running the [LLU](../terminology/Lattice_Logic_Unit.md) you will now see a redish
  waypoint over the base you need to go to. Your radar will also
  display an icon indicating it's destination

<!--[category:Patches](category:Patches.md)-->
